!_TAG_FILE_FORMAT	2	/extended format; --format=1 will not append ;" to lines/
!_TAG_FILE_SORTED	1	/0=unsorted, 1=sorted, 2=foldcase/
!_TAG_OUTPUT_FILESEP	slash	/slash or backslash/
!_TAG_OUTPUT_MODE	u-ctags	/u-ctags or e-ctags/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_AUTHOR	Universal Ctags Team	//
!_TAG_PROGRAM_NAME	Universal Ctags	/Derived from Exuberant Ctags/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_URL	https://ctags.io/	/official site/
!_TAG_PROGRAM_VERSION	0.0.0	/a3c87ab5/
ACoupleCooks	recipe_scrapers/acouplecooks.py	/^class ACoupleCooks(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
AbstractScraper	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^class AbstractScraper(metaclass=ExceptionHandlingMetaclass):$/;"	c
AllRecipes	recipe_scrapers/allrecipes.py	/^class AllRecipes(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
ArchanasKitchen	recipe_scrapers/archanaskitchen.py	/^class ArchanasKitchen(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
AverieCooks	recipe_scrapers/averiecooks.py	/^class AverieCooks(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
BBCFood	recipe_scrapers/bbcfood.py	/^class BBCFood(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
BBCGoodFood	recipe_scrapers/bbcgoodfood.py	/^class BBCGoodFood(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
BettyCrocker	recipe_scrapers/bettycrocker.py	/^class BettyCrocker(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
BonAppetit	recipe_scrapers/bonappetit.py	/^class BonAppetit(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
BowlOfDelicious	recipe_scrapers/bowlofdelicious.py	/^class BowlOfDelicious(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
BudgetBytes	recipe_scrapers/budgetbytes.py	/^class BudgetBytes(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
ClosetCooking	recipe_scrapers/closetcooking.py	/^class ClosetCooking(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Contribute	README.rst	/^Contribute$/;"	c
CookPad	recipe_scrapers/cookpad.py	/^class CookPad(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
CookieAndKate	recipe_scrapers/cookieandkate.py	/^class CookieAndKate(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Cookstr	recipe_scrapers/cookstr.py	/^class Cookstr(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
CopyKat	recipe_scrapers/copykat.py	/^class CopyKat(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
CountryLiving	recipe_scrapers/countryliving.py	/^class CountryLiving(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Cybercook	recipe_scrapers/cybercook.py	/^class Cybercook(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Decorators	recipe_scrapers/_decorators.py	/^class Decorators:$/;"	c
Delish	recipe_scrapers/delish.py	/^class Delish(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Eatsmarter	recipe_scrapers/eatsmarter.py	/^class Eatsmarter(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Epicurious	recipe_scrapers/epicurious.py	/^class Epicurious(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
ExceptionHandlingMetaclass	recipe_scrapers/_exception_handling.py	/^class ExceptionHandlingMetaclass(type):$/;"	c
FAQ	README.rst	/^FAQ$/;"	c
FifteenSpatulas	recipe_scrapers/fifteenspatulas.py	/^class FifteenSpatulas(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
FineDiningLovers	recipe_scrapers/finedininglovers.py	/^class FineDiningLovers(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
FitMenCook	recipe_scrapers/fitmencook.py	/^class FitMenCook(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Food	recipe_scrapers/food.py	/^class Food(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
FoodNetwork	recipe_scrapers/foodnetwork.py	/^class FoodNetwork(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
FoodRepublic	recipe_scrapers/foodrepublic.py	/^class FoodRepublic(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
For Devs / Contribute	README.rst	/^For Devs \/ Contribute$/;"	c
GeniusKitchen	recipe_scrapers/geniuskitchen.py	/^class GeniusKitchen(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
GialloZafferano	recipe_scrapers/giallozafferano.py	/^class GialloZafferano(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
GimmeSomeOven	recipe_scrapers/gimmesomeoven.py	/^class GimmeSomeOven(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
GonnaWantSeconds	recipe_scrapers/gonnawantseconds.py	/^class GonnaWantSeconds(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Gousto	recipe_scrapers/gousto.py	/^class Gousto(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
GreatBritishChefs	recipe_scrapers/greatbritishchefs.py	/^class GreatBritishChefs(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
HEADERS	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^HEADERS = {$/;"	v
HalfBakedHarvest	recipe_scrapers/halfbakedharvest.py	/^class HalfBakedHarvest(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Hassanchef	recipe_scrapers/hassenchef.py	/^class Hassanchef(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
HeinzBrasil	recipe_scrapers/heinzbrasil.py	/^class HeinzBrasil(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
HelloFresh	recipe_scrapers/hellofresh.py	/^class HelloFresh(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Hostthetoast	recipe_scrapers/hostthetoast.py	/^class Hostthetoast(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
HundredAndOneCookbooks	recipe_scrapers/hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^class HundredAndOneCookbooks(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
IG	recipe_scrapers/ig.py	/^class IG(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
If you want a scraper for a new site added	README.rst	/^If you want a scraper for a new site added$/;"	c
Inspiralized	recipe_scrapers/inspiralized.py	/^class Inspiralized(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
JamieOliver	recipe_scrapers/jamieoliver.py	/^class JamieOliver(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
JustBento	recipe_scrapers/justbento.py	/^class JustBento(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
KennyMcGovern	recipe_scrapers/kennymcgovern.py	/^class KennyMcGovern(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Kochbar	recipe_scrapers/kochbar.py	/^class Kochbar(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
LeCremeDeLaCrumb	recipe_scrapers/lecremedelacrumb.py	/^class LeCremeDeLaCrumb(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Lovingitvegan	recipe_scrapers/lovingitvegan.py	/^class Lovingitvegan(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Marmiton	recipe_scrapers/marmiton.py	/^class Marmiton(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Matprat	recipe_scrapers/matprat.py	/^class Matprat(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Mindmegette	recipe_scrapers/mindmegette.py	/^class Mindmegette(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Minimalistbaker	recipe_scrapers/minimalistbaker.py	/^class Minimalistbaker(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Misya	recipe_scrapers/misya.py	/^class Misya(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
MomsWithCrockPots	recipe_scrapers/momswithcrockpots.py	/^class MomsWithCrockPots(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
MotherThyme	recipe_scrapers/motherthyme.py	/^class MotherThyme(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
MyBakingAddiction	recipe_scrapers/mybakingaddiction.py	/^class MyBakingAddiction(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
MyRecipes	recipe_scrapers/myrecipes.py	/^class MyRecipes(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
NIHHealthyEating	recipe_scrapers/nihhealthyeating.py	/^class NIHHealthyEating(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
NYTimes	recipe_scrapers/nytimes.py	/^class NYTimes(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
ON_EXCEPTION_RETURN_VALUES	recipe_scrapers/_exception_handling.py	/^ON_EXCEPTION_RETURN_VALUES = {$/;"	v
OhSheGlows	recipe_scrapers/ohsheglows.py	/^class OhSheGlows(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Panelinha	recipe_scrapers/panelinha.py	/^class Panelinha(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
PaniniHappy	recipe_scrapers/paninihappy.py	/^class PaniniHappy(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Przepisy	recipe_scrapers/przepisy.py	/^class Przepisy(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
README	setup.py	/^README = open(os.path.join(os.path.dirname(__file__), "README.rst")).read()$/;"	v
RealSimple	recipe_scrapers/realsimple.py	/^class RealSimple(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
SCHEMA_NAMES	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^SCHEMA_NAMES = ["Recipe", "WebPage"]$/;"	v
SCHEMA_ORG_HOST	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^SCHEMA_ORG_HOST = "schema.org"$/;"	v
SCRAPERS	recipe_scrapers/__init__.py	/^SCRAPERS = {$/;"	v
SERVE_REGEX_ITEMS	recipe_scrapers/_utils.py	/^SERVE_REGEX_ITEMS = re.compile($/;"	v
SERVE_REGEX_NUMBER	recipe_scrapers/_utils.py	/^SERVE_REGEX_NUMBER = re.compile(r"(\\D*(?P<items>\\d+)?\\D*)")$/;"	v
SERVE_REGEX_TO	recipe_scrapers/_utils.py	/^SERVE_REGEX_TO = re.compile(r"\\d+(\\s+to\\s+|-)\\d+", flags=re.I | re.X)$/;"	v
SYNTAXES	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^SYNTAXES = ["json-ld", "microdata"]$/;"	v
SchemaOrg	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^class SchemaOrg:$/;"	c
SchemaOrgException	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^class SchemaOrgException(Exception):$/;"	c
ScraperTest	tests/__init__.py	/^class ScraperTest(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c
Scrapers available for:	README.rst	/^Scrapers available for:$/;"	c
SeriousEats	recipe_scrapers/seriouseats.py	/^class SeriousEats(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
SimplyQuinoa	recipe_scrapers/simplyquinoa.py	/^class SimplyQuinoa(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
SimplyRecipes	recipe_scrapers/simplyrecipes.py	/^class SimplyRecipes(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
SkinnyTaste	recipe_scrapers/skinnytaste.py	/^class SkinnyTaste(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
SouthernLiving	recipe_scrapers/southernliving.py	/^class SouthernLiving(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Spacial thanks to:	README.rst	/^Spacial thanks to:$/;"	c
SpendWithPennies	recipe_scrapers/spendwithpennies.py	/^class SpendWithPennies(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
SteamyKitchen	recipe_scrapers/steamykitchen.py	/^class SteamyKitchen(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
TIME_REGEX	recipe_scrapers/_utils.py	/^TIME_REGEX = re.compile($/;"	v
TasteOfHome	recipe_scrapers/tasteofhome.py	/^class TasteOfHome(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
TastesOfLizzyT	recipe_scrapers/tastesoflizzyt.py	/^class TastesOfLizzyT(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Tasty	recipe_scrapers/tasty.py	/^class Tasty(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
TastyKitchen	recipe_scrapers/tastykitchen.py	/^class TastyKitchen(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
TestACoupleCooks	tests/test_acouplecooks.py	/^class TestACoupleCooks(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestAllRecipesScraper	tests/test_allrecipes.py	/^class TestAllRecipesScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestArchanasKitchenScraper	tests/test_archanaskitchen.py	/^class TestArchanasKitchenScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestAverieCooksScraper	tests/test_averiecooks.py	/^class TestAverieCooksScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestBBCFoodScraper	tests/test_bbc.py	/^class TestBBCFoodScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestBBCGoodFoodScraper	tests/test_bbcgoodfood.py	/^class TestBBCGoodFoodScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestBettyCrocker	tests/test_bettycrocker.py	/^class TestBettyCrocker(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestBonAppetitScraper	tests/test_bonappetit.py	/^class TestBonAppetitScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestBowlOfDeliciousScraper	tests/test_bowlofdelicious.py	/^class TestBowlOfDeliciousScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestBudgetBytesScraper	tests/test_budgetbytes.py	/^class TestBudgetBytesScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestClosetCooking	tests/test_closetcooking.py	/^class TestClosetCooking(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestClosetCooking	tests/test_eatsmarter.py	/^class TestClosetCooking(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestClosetCooking	tests/test_hassanchef.py	/^class TestClosetCooking(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestCookPadScraper	tests/test_cookpad.py	/^class TestCookPadScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestCookieAndKateScraper	tests/test_cookieandkate.py	/^class TestCookieAndKateScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestCookstrScraper	tests/test_cookstr.py	/^class TestCookstrScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestCopyKat	tests/test_copykat.py	/^class TestCopyKat(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestCountryLivingScraper	tests/test_countryliving.py	/^class TestCountryLivingScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestCybercook	tests/test_cybercook.py	/^class TestCybercook(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestDelishScraper	tests/test_delish.py	/^class TestDelishScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestEpicurious	tests/test_epicurious.py	/^class TestEpicurious(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestFifteenSpatulasScraper	tests/test_fifteenspatulas.py	/^class TestFifteenSpatulasScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestFineDiningLoversScraper	tests/test_finedininglovers.py	/^class TestFineDiningLoversScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestFitMenCookScraper	tests/test_fitmencook.py	/^class TestFitMenCookScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestFoodNetworkScraper	tests/test_foodnetwork.py	/^class TestFoodNetworkScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestFoodRepublicScraper	tests/test_foodrepublic.py	/^class TestFoodRepublicScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestFoodScraper	tests/test_food.py	/^class TestFoodScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestGeniusKitchenScraper	tests/test_geniuskitchen.py	/^class TestGeniusKitchenScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestGialloZafferanoScraper	tests/test_giallozafferano.py	/^class TestGialloZafferanoScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestGimmeSomeOvenScraper	tests/test_gimmesomeoven.py	/^class TestGimmeSomeOvenScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestGonnaWantSeconds	tests/test_gonnawantseconds.py	/^class TestGonnaWantSeconds(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestGoustoScraper	tests/test_gousto.py	/^class TestGoustoScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestGreatBritishChefsScraper	tests/test_greatbritishchefs.py	/^class TestGreatBritishChefsScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestHalfBakedHarvestScraper	tests/test_halfbakedharvest.py	/^class TestHalfBakedHarvestScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestHeinzBrasilScraper	tests/test_heinzbrasil.py	/^class TestHeinzBrasilScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestHelloFreshScraper	tests/test_hellofresh.py	/^class TestHelloFreshScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestHostthetoastScraper	tests/test_hostthetoast.py	/^class TestHostthetoastScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestHundredAndOneCookbooksScraper	tests/test_hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^class TestHundredAndOneCookbooksScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestIGScraper	tests/test_ig.py	/^class TestIGScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestInspiralizedScraper	tests/test_inspiralized.py	/^class TestInspiralizedScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestJamieOliverScraper	tests/test_jamieoliver.py	/^class TestJamieOliverScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestJustBentoScraper	tests/test_justbento.py	/^class TestJustBentoScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestKennyMcGovernScraper	tests/test_kennymcgovern.py	/^class TestKennyMcGovernScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestKitchnScraper	tests/test_thekitchn.py	/^class TestKitchnScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestKochbarScraper	tests/test_kochbar.py	/^class TestKochbarScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestLeCremeDeLaCrumbScraper	tests/test_lecremedelacrumb.py	/^class TestLeCremeDeLaCrumbScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestLovingitveganScraper	tests/test_lovingitvegan.py	/^class TestLovingitveganScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestMarmitonScraper	tests/test_marmiton.py	/^class TestMarmitonScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestMatprat	tests/test_matprat.py	/^class TestMatprat(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestMindmegetteScraper	tests/test_mindmegette.py	/^class TestMindmegetteScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestMinimalistbakerScraper	tests/test_minimalistbaker.py	/^class TestMinimalistbakerScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestMisya	tests/test_misya.py	/^class TestMisya(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestMomsWithCrockPotsScraper	tests/test_momswithcrockpots.py	/^class TestMomsWithCrockPotsScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestMotherThymeScraper	tests/test_motherthyme.py	/^class TestMotherThymeScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestMyBakingAddictionScraper	tests/test_mybakingaddiction.py	/^class TestMyBakingAddictionScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestMyRecipesScraper	tests/test_myrecipes.py	/^class TestMyRecipesScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestNIHHealthyEatingRecipesScraper	tests/test_nih.py	/^class TestNIHHealthyEatingRecipesScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestNYTimesScraper	tests/test_nytimes.py	/^class TestNYTimesScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestOhSheGlowsScraper	tests/test_ohsheglows.py	/^class TestOhSheGlowsScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestPanelinhaScraper	tests/test_panelinha.py	/^class TestPanelinhaScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestPaniniHappyScraper	tests/test_paninihappy.py	/^class TestPaniniHappyScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestPrzepisyScraper	tests/test_przepisy.py	/^class TestPrzepisyScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestRealSimpleScraper	tests/test_realsimple.py	/^class TestRealSimpleScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestSchemaOrg	tests/test_schemaorg.py	/^class TestSchemaOrg(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c
TestSeriousEats	tests/test_seriouseats.py	/^class TestSeriousEats(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestSimplyQuinoaScraper	tests/test_simplyquinoa.py	/^class TestSimplyQuinoaScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestSimplyRecipesScraper	tests/test_simplyrecipes.py	/^class TestSimplyRecipesScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestSkinnyTasteScraper	tests/test_skinnytaste.py	/^class TestSkinnyTasteScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestSouthernLiving	tests/test_southernliving.py	/^class TestSouthernLiving(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestSpendWithPenniesScraper	tests/test_spendwithpennies.py	/^class TestSpendWithPenniesScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestSteamyKitchenScraper	tests/test_steamykitchen.py	/^class TestSteamyKitchenScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestTasteOfHomeScraper	tests/test_tasteofhome.py	/^class TestTasteOfHomeScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestTastesOfLizzyTScraper	tests/test_tastesoflizzyt.py	/^class TestTastesOfLizzyTScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestTastyKitchenScraper	tests/test_tastykitchen.py	/^class TestTastyKitchenScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestTastyScraper	tests/test_tasty.py	/^class TestTastyScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestTheHappyFoodie	tests/test_thehappyfoodie.py	/^class TestTheHappyFoodie(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestThePioneerWomanScraper	tests/test_thepioneerwoman.py	/^class TestThePioneerWomanScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestTheSpruceEatsScraper	tests/test_thespruceeats.py	/^class TestTheSpruceEatsScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestTheVintageMixerScraper	tests/test_thevintagemixer.py	/^class TestTheVintageMixerScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestThewoksoflifeScraper	tests/test_thewoksoflife.py	/^class TestThewoksoflifeScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestTineNoScraper	tests/test_tine.py	/^class TestTineNoScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestTudoGostosoScraper	tests/test_tudogostoso.py	/^class TestTudoGostosoScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestTwoPeasAndTheirPodScraper	tests/test_twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^class TestTwoPeasAndTheirPodScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestVegolosiScraper	tests/test_vegolosi.py	/^class TestVegolosiScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestWatchWhatUEatScraper	tests/test_watchwhatueat.py	/^class TestWatchWhatUEatScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestWhatsGabyCookingScraper	tests/test_whatsgabycooking.py	/^class TestWhatsGabyCookingScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestWikiCookbookScraper	tests/test_wikibooks.py	/^class TestWikiCookbookScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TestYummlyScraper	tests/test_yummly.py	/^class TestYummlyScraper(ScraperTest):$/;"	c
TheHappyFoodie	recipe_scrapers/thehappyfoodie.py	/^class TheHappyFoodie(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
TheKitchn	recipe_scrapers/thekitchn.py	/^class TheKitchn(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
ThePioneerWoman	recipe_scrapers/thepioneerwoman.py	/^class ThePioneerWoman(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
TheSpruceEats	recipe_scrapers/thespruceeats.py	/^class TheSpruceEats(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
TheVintageMixer	recipe_scrapers/thevintagemixer.py	/^class TheVintageMixer(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Thewoksoflife	recipe_scrapers/thewoksoflife.py	/^class Thewoksoflife(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
TineNo	recipe_scrapers/tineno.py	/^class TineNo(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
TudoGostoso	recipe_scrapers/tudogostoso.py	/^class TudoGostoso(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
TwoPeasAndTheirPod	recipe_scrapers/twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^class TwoPeasAndTheirPod(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
UtilsTest	tests/library/test_utils.py	/^class UtilsTest(unittest.TestCase):$/;"	c
Vegolosi	recipe_scrapers/vegolosi.py	/^class Vegolosi(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
WatchWhatUEat	recipe_scrapers/watchwhatueat.py	/^class WatchWhatUEat(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
WebsiteNotImplementedError	recipe_scrapers/__init__.py	/^class WebsiteNotImplementedError(NotImplementedError):$/;"	c
WhatsGabyCooking	recipe_scrapers/whatsgabycooking.py	/^class WhatsGabyCooking(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
WikiCookbook	recipe_scrapers/wikicookbook.py	/^class WikiCookbook(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
Yummly	recipe_scrapers/yummly.py	/^class Yummly(AbstractScraper):$/;"	c
__all__	recipe_scrapers/__init__.py	/^__all__ = ["scrape_me"]$/;"	v
__init__	recipe_scrapers/__init__.py	/^    def __init__(self, domain):$/;"	m	class:WebsiteNotImplementedError
__init__	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^    def __init__(self, url, exception_handling=True, meta_http_equiv=False, test=False):$/;"	m	class:AbstractScraper
__init__	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^    def __init__(self, message):$/;"	m	class:SchemaOrgException
__init__	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^    def __init__(self, page_data, host):$/;"	m	class:SchemaOrg
__new__	recipe_scrapers/_exception_handling.py	/^    def __new__(cls, class_name, bases, attributes):$/;"	m	class:ExceptionHandlingMetaclass
__str__	recipe_scrapers/__init__.py	/^    def __str__(self):$/;"	m	class:WebsiteNotImplementedError
__version__	recipe_scrapers/__version__.py	/^__version__ = "9.1.1"$/;"	v
about	setup.py	/^about = {}$/;"	v
author	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^    def author(self):$/;"	m	class:AbstractScraper
author	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^    def author(self):$/;"	m	class:SchemaOrg
author	recipe_scrapers/bbcfood.py	/^    def author(self):$/;"	m	class:BBCFood
bcp47_validate	recipe_scrapers/_decorators.py	/^    def bcp47_validate(decorated):$/;"	m	class:Decorators
bcp47_validate_wrapper	recipe_scrapers/_decorators.py	/^        def bcp47_validate_wrapper(self, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	f	member:Decorators.bcp47_validate	file:
cooking_time	recipe_scrapers/vegolosi.py	/^    def cooking_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Vegolosi
description	recipe_scrapers/copykat.py	/^    def description(self):$/;"	m	class:CopyKat
description	recipe_scrapers/gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def description(self):$/;"	m	class:GonnaWantSeconds
description	recipe_scrapers/greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def description(self):$/;"	m	class:GreatBritishChefs
description	recipe_scrapers/matprat.py	/^    def description(self):$/;"	m	class:Matprat
description	recipe_scrapers/southernliving.py	/^    def description(self):$/;"	m	class:SouthernLiving
description	recipe_scrapers/tineno.py	/^    def description(self):$/;"	m	class:TineNo
exception_handling	recipe_scrapers/_exception_handling.py	/^def exception_handling(decorated):$/;"	f
exception_handling_wrapper	recipe_scrapers/_exception_handling.py	/^    def exception_handling_wrapper(self, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	f	function:exception_handling	file:
get_domain	recipe_scrapers/__init__.py	/^def get_domain(url):$/;"	f
get_minutes	recipe_scrapers/_utils.py	/^def get_minutes(element):$/;"	f
get_yields	recipe_scrapers/_utils.py	/^def get_yields(element):$/;"	f
harvest	recipe_scrapers/__init__.py	/^def harvest(url, **options):$/;"	f
here	setup.py	/^here = os.path.abspath(os.path.dirname(__file__))$/;"	v
host	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:AbstractScraper
host	recipe_scrapers/acouplecooks.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:ACoupleCooks
host	recipe_scrapers/allrecipes.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:AllRecipes
host	recipe_scrapers/archanaskitchen.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:ArchanasKitchen
host	recipe_scrapers/averiecooks.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:AverieCooks
host	recipe_scrapers/bbcfood.py	/^    def host(self, domain="com"):$/;"	m	class:BBCFood
host	recipe_scrapers/bbcgoodfood.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:BBCGoodFood
host	recipe_scrapers/bettycrocker.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:BettyCrocker
host	recipe_scrapers/bonappetit.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:BonAppetit
host	recipe_scrapers/bowlofdelicious.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:BowlOfDelicious
host	recipe_scrapers/budgetbytes.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:BudgetBytes
host	recipe_scrapers/closetcooking.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:ClosetCooking
host	recipe_scrapers/cookieandkate.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:CookieAndKate
host	recipe_scrapers/cookpad.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:CookPad
host	recipe_scrapers/cookstr.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Cookstr
host	recipe_scrapers/copykat.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:CopyKat
host	recipe_scrapers/countryliving.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:CountryLiving
host	recipe_scrapers/cybercook.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Cybercook
host	recipe_scrapers/delish.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Delish
host	recipe_scrapers/eatsmarter.py	/^    def host(self, domain="com"):$/;"	m	class:Eatsmarter
host	recipe_scrapers/epicurious.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Epicurious
host	recipe_scrapers/fifteenspatulas.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:FifteenSpatulas
host	recipe_scrapers/finedininglovers.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:FineDiningLovers
host	recipe_scrapers/fitmencook.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:FitMenCook
host	recipe_scrapers/food.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Food
host	recipe_scrapers/foodnetwork.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:FoodNetwork
host	recipe_scrapers/foodrepublic.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:FoodRepublic
host	recipe_scrapers/geniuskitchen.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:GeniusKitchen
host	recipe_scrapers/giallozafferano.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:GialloZafferano
host	recipe_scrapers/gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:GimmeSomeOven
host	recipe_scrapers/gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:GonnaWantSeconds
host	recipe_scrapers/gousto.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Gousto
host	recipe_scrapers/greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:GreatBritishChefs
host	recipe_scrapers/halfbakedharvest.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:HalfBakedHarvest
host	recipe_scrapers/hassenchef.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Hassanchef
host	recipe_scrapers/heinzbrasil.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:HeinzBrasil
host	recipe_scrapers/hellofresh.py	/^    def host(self, domain="com"):$/;"	m	class:HelloFresh
host	recipe_scrapers/hostthetoast.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Hostthetoast
host	recipe_scrapers/hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:HundredAndOneCookbooks
host	recipe_scrapers/ig.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:IG
host	recipe_scrapers/inspiralized.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Inspiralized
host	recipe_scrapers/jamieoliver.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:JamieOliver
host	recipe_scrapers/justbento.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:JustBento
host	recipe_scrapers/kennymcgovern.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:KennyMcGovern
host	recipe_scrapers/kochbar.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Kochbar
host	recipe_scrapers/lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:LeCremeDeLaCrumb
host	recipe_scrapers/lovingitvegan.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Lovingitvegan
host	recipe_scrapers/marmiton.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Marmiton
host	recipe_scrapers/matprat.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Matprat
host	recipe_scrapers/mindmegette.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Mindmegette
host	recipe_scrapers/minimalistbaker.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Minimalistbaker
host	recipe_scrapers/misya.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Misya
host	recipe_scrapers/momswithcrockpots.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:MomsWithCrockPots
host	recipe_scrapers/motherthyme.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:MotherThyme
host	recipe_scrapers/mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:MyBakingAddiction
host	recipe_scrapers/myrecipes.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:MyRecipes
host	recipe_scrapers/nihhealthyeating.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:NIHHealthyEating
host	recipe_scrapers/nytimes.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:NYTimes
host	recipe_scrapers/ohsheglows.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:OhSheGlows
host	recipe_scrapers/panelinha.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Panelinha
host	recipe_scrapers/paninihappy.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:PaniniHappy
host	recipe_scrapers/przepisy.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Przepisy
host	recipe_scrapers/realsimple.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:RealSimple
host	recipe_scrapers/seriouseats.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:SeriousEats
host	recipe_scrapers/simplyquinoa.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:SimplyQuinoa
host	recipe_scrapers/simplyrecipes.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:SimplyRecipes
host	recipe_scrapers/skinnytaste.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:SkinnyTaste
host	recipe_scrapers/southernliving.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:SouthernLiving
host	recipe_scrapers/spendwithpennies.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:SpendWithPennies
host	recipe_scrapers/steamykitchen.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:SteamyKitchen
host	recipe_scrapers/tasteofhome.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:TasteOfHome
host	recipe_scrapers/tastesoflizzyt.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:TastesOfLizzyT
host	recipe_scrapers/tasty.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Tasty
host	recipe_scrapers/tastykitchen.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:TastyKitchen
host	recipe_scrapers/thehappyfoodie.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:TheHappyFoodie
host	recipe_scrapers/thekitchn.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:TheKitchn
host	recipe_scrapers/thepioneerwoman.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:ThePioneerWoman
host	recipe_scrapers/thespruceeats.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:TheSpruceEats
host	recipe_scrapers/thevintagemixer.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:TheVintageMixer
host	recipe_scrapers/thewoksoflife.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Thewoksoflife
host	recipe_scrapers/tineno.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:TineNo
host	recipe_scrapers/tudogostoso.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:TudoGostoso
host	recipe_scrapers/twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:TwoPeasAndTheirPod
host	recipe_scrapers/vegolosi.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Vegolosi
host	recipe_scrapers/watchwhatueat.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:WatchWhatUEat
host	recipe_scrapers/whatsgabycooking.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:WhatsGabyCooking
host	recipe_scrapers/wikicookbook.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:WikiCookbook
host	recipe_scrapers/yummly.py	/^    def host(cls):$/;"	m	class:Yummly
image	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:AbstractScraper
image	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:SchemaOrg
image	recipe_scrapers/allrecipes.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:AllRecipes
image	recipe_scrapers/averiecooks.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:AverieCooks
image	recipe_scrapers/bbcfood.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:BBCFood
image	recipe_scrapers/bbcgoodfood.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:BBCGoodFood
image	recipe_scrapers/bettycrocker.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:BettyCrocker
image	recipe_scrapers/bowlofdelicious.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:BowlOfDelicious
image	recipe_scrapers/cookpad.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:CookPad
image	recipe_scrapers/copykat.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:CopyKat
image	recipe_scrapers/cybercook.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Cybercook
image	recipe_scrapers/delish.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Delish
image	recipe_scrapers/eatsmarter.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Eatsmarter
image	recipe_scrapers/epicurious.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Epicurious
image	recipe_scrapers/fifteenspatulas.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:FifteenSpatulas
image	recipe_scrapers/finedininglovers.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:FineDiningLovers
image	recipe_scrapers/gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:GimmeSomeOven
image	recipe_scrapers/gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:GonnaWantSeconds
image	recipe_scrapers/greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:GreatBritishChefs
image	recipe_scrapers/halfbakedharvest.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:HalfBakedHarvest
image	recipe_scrapers/hassenchef.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Hassanchef
image	recipe_scrapers/heinzbrasil.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:HeinzBrasil
image	recipe_scrapers/hostthetoast.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Hostthetoast
image	recipe_scrapers/ig.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:IG
image	recipe_scrapers/jamieoliver.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:JamieOliver
image	recipe_scrapers/justbento.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:JustBento
image	recipe_scrapers/kochbar.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Kochbar
image	recipe_scrapers/lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:LeCremeDeLaCrumb
image	recipe_scrapers/lovingitvegan.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Lovingitvegan
image	recipe_scrapers/marmiton.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Marmiton
image	recipe_scrapers/matprat.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Matprat
image	recipe_scrapers/mindmegette.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Mindmegette
image	recipe_scrapers/minimalistbaker.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Minimalistbaker
image	recipe_scrapers/misya.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Misya
image	recipe_scrapers/myrecipes.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:MyRecipes
image	recipe_scrapers/nytimes.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:NYTimes
image	recipe_scrapers/ohsheglows.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:OhSheGlows
image	recipe_scrapers/paninihappy.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:PaniniHappy
image	recipe_scrapers/skinnytaste.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:SkinnyTaste
image	recipe_scrapers/southernliving.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:SouthernLiving
image	recipe_scrapers/spendwithpennies.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:SpendWithPennies
image	recipe_scrapers/steamykitchen.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:SteamyKitchen
image	recipe_scrapers/tasteofhome.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:TasteOfHome
image	recipe_scrapers/tasty.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Tasty
image	recipe_scrapers/tastykitchen.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:TastyKitchen
image	recipe_scrapers/thevintagemixer.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:TheVintageMixer
image	recipe_scrapers/thewoksoflife.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:Thewoksoflife
image	recipe_scrapers/tineno.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:TineNo
image	recipe_scrapers/twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:TwoPeasAndTheirPod
image	recipe_scrapers/watchwhatueat.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:WatchWhatUEat
image	recipe_scrapers/wikicookbook.py	/^    def image(self):$/;"	m	class:WikiCookbook
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:AbstractScraper
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:SchemaOrg
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/acouplecooks.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:ACoupleCooks
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/allrecipes.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:AllRecipes
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/archanaskitchen.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:ArchanasKitchen
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/averiecooks.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:AverieCooks
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/bbcfood.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:BBCFood
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/bbcgoodfood.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:BBCGoodFood
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/bettycrocker.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:BettyCrocker
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/bonappetit.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:BonAppetit
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/bowlofdelicious.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:BowlOfDelicious
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/budgetbytes.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:BudgetBytes
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/closetcooking.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:ClosetCooking
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/cookieandkate.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:CookieAndKate
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/cookpad.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:CookPad
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/cookstr.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Cookstr
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/copykat.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:CopyKat
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/countryliving.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:CountryLiving
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/cybercook.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Cybercook
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/delish.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Delish
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/eatsmarter.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Eatsmarter
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/epicurious.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Epicurious
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/fifteenspatulas.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:FifteenSpatulas
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/finedininglovers.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:FineDiningLovers
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/fitmencook.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:FitMenCook
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/food.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Food
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/foodnetwork.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:FoodNetwork
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/foodrepublic.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:FoodRepublic
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/geniuskitchen.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:GeniusKitchen
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/giallozafferano.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:GialloZafferano
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:GimmeSomeOven
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:GonnaWantSeconds
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/gousto.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Gousto
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:GreatBritishChefs
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/halfbakedharvest.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:HalfBakedHarvest
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/hassenchef.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Hassanchef
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/heinzbrasil.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:HeinzBrasil
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/hellofresh.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:HelloFresh
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/hostthetoast.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Hostthetoast
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:HundredAndOneCookbooks
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/ig.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:IG
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/inspiralized.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Inspiralized
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/jamieoliver.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:JamieOliver
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/justbento.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:JustBento
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/kennymcgovern.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:KennyMcGovern
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/kochbar.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Kochbar
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:LeCremeDeLaCrumb
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/lovingitvegan.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Lovingitvegan
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/marmiton.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Marmiton
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/matprat.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Matprat
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/mindmegette.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Mindmegette
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/minimalistbaker.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Minimalistbaker
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/misya.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Misya
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/momswithcrockpots.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:MomsWithCrockPots
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/motherthyme.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:MotherThyme
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:MyBakingAddiction
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/myrecipes.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:MyRecipes
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/nihhealthyeating.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:NIHHealthyEating
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/nytimes.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:NYTimes
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/ohsheglows.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:OhSheGlows
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/panelinha.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Panelinha
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/paninihappy.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:PaniniHappy
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/przepisy.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Przepisy
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/realsimple.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:RealSimple
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/seriouseats.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:SeriousEats
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/simplyquinoa.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:SimplyQuinoa
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/simplyrecipes.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:SimplyRecipes
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/skinnytaste.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:SkinnyTaste
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/southernliving.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:SouthernLiving
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/spendwithpennies.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:SpendWithPennies
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/steamykitchen.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:SteamyKitchen
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/tasteofhome.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TasteOfHome
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/tastesoflizzyt.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TastesOfLizzyT
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/tasty.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Tasty
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/tastykitchen.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TastyKitchen
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/thehappyfoodie.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TheHappyFoodie
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/thekitchn.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TheKitchn
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/thepioneerwoman.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:ThePioneerWoman
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/thespruceeats.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TheSpruceEats
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/thevintagemixer.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TheVintageMixer
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/thewoksoflife.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Thewoksoflife
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/tineno.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TineNo
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/tudogostoso.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TudoGostoso
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TwoPeasAndTheirPod
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/vegolosi.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Vegolosi
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/watchwhatueat.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:WatchWhatUEat
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/whatsgabycooking.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:WhatsGabyCooking
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/wikicookbook.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:WikiCookbook
ingredients	recipe_scrapers/yummly.py	/^    def ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:Yummly
instructions	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:AbstractScraper
instructions	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:SchemaOrg
instructions	recipe_scrapers/acouplecooks.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:ACoupleCooks
instructions	recipe_scrapers/allrecipes.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:AllRecipes
instructions	recipe_scrapers/archanaskitchen.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:ArchanasKitchen
instructions	recipe_scrapers/averiecooks.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:AverieCooks
instructions	recipe_scrapers/bbcfood.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:BBCFood
instructions	recipe_scrapers/bbcgoodfood.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:BBCGoodFood
instructions	recipe_scrapers/bettycrocker.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:BettyCrocker
instructions	recipe_scrapers/bonappetit.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:BonAppetit
instructions	recipe_scrapers/bowlofdelicious.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:BowlOfDelicious
instructions	recipe_scrapers/budgetbytes.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:BudgetBytes
instructions	recipe_scrapers/closetcooking.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:ClosetCooking
instructions	recipe_scrapers/cookieandkate.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:CookieAndKate
instructions	recipe_scrapers/cookpad.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:CookPad
instructions	recipe_scrapers/cookstr.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Cookstr
instructions	recipe_scrapers/copykat.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:CopyKat
instructions	recipe_scrapers/countryliving.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:CountryLiving
instructions	recipe_scrapers/cybercook.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Cybercook
instructions	recipe_scrapers/delish.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Delish
instructions	recipe_scrapers/eatsmarter.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Eatsmarter
instructions	recipe_scrapers/epicurious.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Epicurious
instructions	recipe_scrapers/fifteenspatulas.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:FifteenSpatulas
instructions	recipe_scrapers/finedininglovers.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:FineDiningLovers
instructions	recipe_scrapers/fitmencook.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:FitMenCook
instructions	recipe_scrapers/food.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Food
instructions	recipe_scrapers/foodnetwork.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:FoodNetwork
instructions	recipe_scrapers/foodrepublic.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:FoodRepublic
instructions	recipe_scrapers/geniuskitchen.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:GeniusKitchen
instructions	recipe_scrapers/giallozafferano.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:GialloZafferano
instructions	recipe_scrapers/gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:GimmeSomeOven
instructions	recipe_scrapers/gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:GonnaWantSeconds
instructions	recipe_scrapers/gousto.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Gousto
instructions	recipe_scrapers/greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:GreatBritishChefs
instructions	recipe_scrapers/halfbakedharvest.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:HalfBakedHarvest
instructions	recipe_scrapers/hassenchef.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Hassanchef
instructions	recipe_scrapers/heinzbrasil.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:HeinzBrasil
instructions	recipe_scrapers/hellofresh.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:HelloFresh
instructions	recipe_scrapers/hostthetoast.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Hostthetoast
instructions	recipe_scrapers/hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:HundredAndOneCookbooks
instructions	recipe_scrapers/ig.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:IG
instructions	recipe_scrapers/inspiralized.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Inspiralized
instructions	recipe_scrapers/jamieoliver.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:JamieOliver
instructions	recipe_scrapers/justbento.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:JustBento
instructions	recipe_scrapers/kennymcgovern.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:KennyMcGovern
instructions	recipe_scrapers/kochbar.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Kochbar
instructions	recipe_scrapers/lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:LeCremeDeLaCrumb
instructions	recipe_scrapers/lovingitvegan.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Lovingitvegan
instructions	recipe_scrapers/marmiton.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Marmiton
instructions	recipe_scrapers/matprat.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Matprat
instructions	recipe_scrapers/mindmegette.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Mindmegette
instructions	recipe_scrapers/minimalistbaker.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Minimalistbaker
instructions	recipe_scrapers/misya.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Misya
instructions	recipe_scrapers/momswithcrockpots.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:MomsWithCrockPots
instructions	recipe_scrapers/motherthyme.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:MotherThyme
instructions	recipe_scrapers/mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:MyBakingAddiction
instructions	recipe_scrapers/myrecipes.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:MyRecipes
instructions	recipe_scrapers/nihhealthyeating.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:NIHHealthyEating
instructions	recipe_scrapers/nytimes.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:NYTimes
instructions	recipe_scrapers/ohsheglows.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:OhSheGlows
instructions	recipe_scrapers/panelinha.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Panelinha
instructions	recipe_scrapers/paninihappy.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:PaniniHappy
instructions	recipe_scrapers/przepisy.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Przepisy
instructions	recipe_scrapers/realsimple.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:RealSimple
instructions	recipe_scrapers/seriouseats.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:SeriousEats
instructions	recipe_scrapers/simplyquinoa.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:SimplyQuinoa
instructions	recipe_scrapers/simplyrecipes.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:SimplyRecipes
instructions	recipe_scrapers/skinnytaste.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:SkinnyTaste
instructions	recipe_scrapers/southernliving.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:SouthernLiving
instructions	recipe_scrapers/spendwithpennies.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:SpendWithPennies
instructions	recipe_scrapers/steamykitchen.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:SteamyKitchen
instructions	recipe_scrapers/tasteofhome.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TasteOfHome
instructions	recipe_scrapers/tastesoflizzyt.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TastesOfLizzyT
instructions	recipe_scrapers/tasty.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Tasty
instructions	recipe_scrapers/tastykitchen.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TastyKitchen
instructions	recipe_scrapers/thehappyfoodie.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TheHappyFoodie
instructions	recipe_scrapers/thekitchn.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TheKitchn
instructions	recipe_scrapers/thepioneerwoman.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:ThePioneerWoman
instructions	recipe_scrapers/thespruceeats.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TheSpruceEats
instructions	recipe_scrapers/thevintagemixer.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TheVintageMixer
instructions	recipe_scrapers/thewoksoflife.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Thewoksoflife
instructions	recipe_scrapers/tineno.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TineNo
instructions	recipe_scrapers/tudogostoso.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TudoGostoso
instructions	recipe_scrapers/twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TwoPeasAndTheirPod
instructions	recipe_scrapers/vegolosi.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Vegolosi
instructions	recipe_scrapers/watchwhatueat.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:WatchWhatUEat
instructions	recipe_scrapers/whatsgabycooking.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:WhatsGabyCooking
instructions	recipe_scrapers/wikicookbook.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:WikiCookbook
instructions	recipe_scrapers/yummly.py	/^    def instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:Yummly
language	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^    def language(self):$/;"	m	class:AbstractScraper
language	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^    def language(self):$/;"	m	class:SchemaOrg
links	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^    def links(self):$/;"	m	class:AbstractScraper
maxDiff	tests/test_thekitchn.py	/^    maxDiff = None$/;"	v	class:TestKitchnScraper
name	recipe_scrapers/__init__.py	/^name = "recipe_scrapers"$/;"	v
normalize_string	recipe_scrapers/_utils.py	/^def normalize_string(string):$/;"	f
normalize_string_output	recipe_scrapers/_decorators.py	/^    def normalize_string_output(decorated):$/;"	m	class:Decorators
normalize_string_output_wrapper	recipe_scrapers/_decorators.py	/^        def normalize_string_output_wrapper(self, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	f	member:Decorators.normalize_string_output	file:
og_image_get	recipe_scrapers/_decorators.py	/^    def og_image_get(decorated):$/;"	m	class:Decorators
og_image_get_wrapper	recipe_scrapers/_decorators.py	/^        def og_image_get_wrapper(self, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	f	member:Decorators.og_image_get	file:
preparation_time	recipe_scrapers/vegolosi.py	/^    def preparation_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Vegolosi
ratings	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:AbstractScraper
ratings	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:SchemaOrg
ratings	recipe_scrapers/allrecipes.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:AllRecipes
ratings	recipe_scrapers/archanaskitchen.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:ArchanasKitchen
ratings	recipe_scrapers/averiecooks.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:AverieCooks
ratings	recipe_scrapers/bettycrocker.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:BettyCrocker
ratings	recipe_scrapers/bowlofdelicious.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:BowlOfDelicious
ratings	recipe_scrapers/budgetbytes.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:BudgetBytes
ratings	recipe_scrapers/cookieandkate.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:CookieAndKate
ratings	recipe_scrapers/cookpad.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:CookPad
ratings	recipe_scrapers/copykat.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:CopyKat
ratings	recipe_scrapers/cybercook.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:Cybercook
ratings	recipe_scrapers/eatsmarter.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:Eatsmarter
ratings	recipe_scrapers/epicurious.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:Epicurious
ratings	recipe_scrapers/fifteenspatulas.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:FifteenSpatulas
ratings	recipe_scrapers/geniuskitchen.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:GeniusKitchen
ratings	recipe_scrapers/giallozafferano.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:GialloZafferano
ratings	recipe_scrapers/gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:GimmeSomeOven
ratings	recipe_scrapers/gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:GonnaWantSeconds
ratings	recipe_scrapers/gousto.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:Gousto
ratings	recipe_scrapers/greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:GreatBritishChefs
ratings	recipe_scrapers/halfbakedharvest.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:HalfBakedHarvest
ratings	recipe_scrapers/hassenchef.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:Hassanchef
ratings	recipe_scrapers/hostthetoast.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:Hostthetoast
ratings	recipe_scrapers/lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:LeCremeDeLaCrumb
ratings	recipe_scrapers/lovingitvegan.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:Lovingitvegan
ratings	recipe_scrapers/marmiton.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:Marmiton
ratings	recipe_scrapers/matprat.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:Matprat
ratings	recipe_scrapers/minimalistbaker.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:Minimalistbaker
ratings	recipe_scrapers/misya.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:Misya
ratings	recipe_scrapers/momswithcrockpots.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:MomsWithCrockPots
ratings	recipe_scrapers/motherthyme.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:MotherThyme
ratings	recipe_scrapers/mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:MyBakingAddiction
ratings	recipe_scrapers/myrecipes.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:MyRecipes
ratings	recipe_scrapers/nytimes.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:NYTimes
ratings	recipe_scrapers/ohsheglows.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:OhSheGlows
ratings	recipe_scrapers/seriouseats.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:SeriousEats
ratings	recipe_scrapers/simplyquinoa.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:SimplyQuinoa
ratings	recipe_scrapers/skinnytaste.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:SkinnyTaste
ratings	recipe_scrapers/southernliving.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:SouthernLiving
ratings	recipe_scrapers/spendwithpennies.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:SpendWithPennies
ratings	recipe_scrapers/tasteofhome.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TasteOfHome
ratings	recipe_scrapers/tasty.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:Tasty
ratings	recipe_scrapers/thewoksoflife.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:Thewoksoflife
ratings	recipe_scrapers/vegolosi.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:Vegolosi
ratings	recipe_scrapers/watchwhatueat.py	/^    def ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:WatchWhatUEat
reviews	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^    def reviews(self):$/;"	m	class:AbstractScraper
reviews	recipe_scrapers/epicurious.py	/^    def reviews(self):$/;"	m	class:Epicurious
schema_org_priority	recipe_scrapers/_decorators.py	/^    def schema_org_priority(decorated):$/;"	m	class:Decorators
schema_org_priority_wrapper	recipe_scrapers/_decorators.py	/^        def schema_org_priority_wrapper(self, *args, **kwargs):$/;"	f	member:Decorators.schema_org_priority	file:
scrape_me	recipe_scrapers/__init__.py	/^def scrape_me(url_path, **options):$/;"	f
scraper_class	tests/test_acouplecooks.py	/^    scraper_class = ACoupleCooks$/;"	v	class:TestACoupleCooks
scraper_class	tests/test_allrecipes.py	/^    scraper_class = AllRecipes$/;"	v	class:TestAllRecipesScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_archanaskitchen.py	/^    scraper_class = ArchanasKitchen$/;"	v	class:TestArchanasKitchenScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_averiecooks.py	/^    scraper_class = AverieCooks$/;"	v	class:TestAverieCooksScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_bbc.py	/^    scraper_class = BBCFood$/;"	v	class:TestBBCFoodScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_bbcgoodfood.py	/^    scraper_class = BBCGoodFood$/;"	v	class:TestBBCGoodFoodScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_bettycrocker.py	/^    scraper_class = BettyCrocker$/;"	v	class:TestBettyCrocker
scraper_class	tests/test_bonappetit.py	/^    scraper_class = BonAppetit$/;"	v	class:TestBonAppetitScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_bowlofdelicious.py	/^    scraper_class = BowlOfDelicious$/;"	v	class:TestBowlOfDeliciousScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_budgetbytes.py	/^    scraper_class = BudgetBytes$/;"	v	class:TestBudgetBytesScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_closetcooking.py	/^    scraper_class = ClosetCooking$/;"	v	class:TestClosetCooking
scraper_class	tests/test_cookieandkate.py	/^    scraper_class = CookieAndKate$/;"	v	class:TestCookieAndKateScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_cookpad.py	/^    scraper_class = CookPad$/;"	v	class:TestCookPadScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_cookstr.py	/^    scraper_class = Cookstr$/;"	v	class:TestCookstrScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_copykat.py	/^    scraper_class = CopyKat$/;"	v	class:TestCopyKat
scraper_class	tests/test_countryliving.py	/^    scraper_class = CountryLiving$/;"	v	class:TestCountryLivingScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_cybercook.py	/^    scraper_class = Cybercook$/;"	v	class:TestCybercook
scraper_class	tests/test_delish.py	/^    scraper_class = Delish$/;"	v	class:TestDelishScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_eatsmarter.py	/^    scraper_class = Eatsmarter$/;"	v	class:TestClosetCooking
scraper_class	tests/test_epicurious.py	/^    scraper_class = Epicurious$/;"	v	class:TestEpicurious
scraper_class	tests/test_fifteenspatulas.py	/^    scraper_class = FifteenSpatulas$/;"	v	class:TestFifteenSpatulasScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_finedininglovers.py	/^    scraper_class = FineDiningLovers$/;"	v	class:TestFineDiningLoversScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_fitmencook.py	/^    scraper_class = FitMenCook$/;"	v	class:TestFitMenCookScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_food.py	/^    scraper_class = Food$/;"	v	class:TestFoodScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_foodnetwork.py	/^    scraper_class = FoodNetwork$/;"	v	class:TestFoodNetworkScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_foodrepublic.py	/^    scraper_class = FoodRepublic$/;"	v	class:TestFoodRepublicScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_geniuskitchen.py	/^    scraper_class = GeniusKitchen$/;"	v	class:TestGeniusKitchenScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_giallozafferano.py	/^    scraper_class = GialloZafferano$/;"	v	class:TestGialloZafferanoScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_gimmesomeoven.py	/^    scraper_class = GimmeSomeOven$/;"	v	class:TestGimmeSomeOvenScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_gonnawantseconds.py	/^    scraper_class = GonnaWantSeconds$/;"	v	class:TestGonnaWantSeconds
scraper_class	tests/test_gousto.py	/^    scraper_class = Gousto$/;"	v	class:TestGoustoScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_greatbritishchefs.py	/^    scraper_class = GreatBritishChefs$/;"	v	class:TestGreatBritishChefsScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_halfbakedharvest.py	/^    scraper_class = HalfBakedHarvest$/;"	v	class:TestHalfBakedHarvestScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_hassanchef.py	/^    scraper_class = Hassanchef$/;"	v	class:TestClosetCooking
scraper_class	tests/test_heinzbrasil.py	/^    scraper_class = HeinzBrasil$/;"	v	class:TestHeinzBrasilScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_hellofresh.py	/^    scraper_class = HelloFresh$/;"	v	class:TestHelloFreshScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_hostthetoast.py	/^    scraper_class = Hostthetoast$/;"	v	class:TestHostthetoastScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^    scraper_class = HundredAndOneCookbooks$/;"	v	class:TestHundredAndOneCookbooksScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_ig.py	/^    scraper_class = IG$/;"	v	class:TestIGScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_inspiralized.py	/^    scraper_class = Inspiralized$/;"	v	class:TestInspiralizedScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_jamieoliver.py	/^    scraper_class = JamieOliver$/;"	v	class:TestJamieOliverScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_justbento.py	/^    scraper_class = JustBento$/;"	v	class:TestJustBentoScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_kennymcgovern.py	/^    scraper_class = KennyMcGovern$/;"	v	class:TestKennyMcGovernScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_kochbar.py	/^    scraper_class = Kochbar$/;"	v	class:TestKochbarScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    scraper_class = LeCremeDeLaCrumb$/;"	v	class:TestLeCremeDeLaCrumbScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_lovingitvegan.py	/^    scraper_class = Lovingitvegan$/;"	v	class:TestLovingitveganScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_marmiton.py	/^    scraper_class = Marmiton$/;"	v	class:TestMarmitonScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_matprat.py	/^    scraper_class = Matprat$/;"	v	class:TestMatprat
scraper_class	tests/test_mindmegette.py	/^    scraper_class = Mindmegette$/;"	v	class:TestMindmegetteScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_minimalistbaker.py	/^    scraper_class = Minimalistbaker$/;"	v	class:TestMinimalistbakerScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_misya.py	/^    scraper_class = Misya$/;"	v	class:TestMisya
scraper_class	tests/test_momswithcrockpots.py	/^    scraper_class = MomsWithCrockPots$/;"	v	class:TestMomsWithCrockPotsScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_motherthyme.py	/^    scraper_class = MotherThyme$/;"	v	class:TestMotherThymeScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_mybakingaddiction.py	/^    scraper_class = MyBakingAddiction$/;"	v	class:TestMyBakingAddictionScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_myrecipes.py	/^    scraper_class = MyRecipes$/;"	v	class:TestMyRecipesScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_nih.py	/^    scraper_class = NIHHealthyEating$/;"	v	class:TestNIHHealthyEatingRecipesScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_nytimes.py	/^    scraper_class = NYTimes$/;"	v	class:TestNYTimesScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_ohsheglows.py	/^    scraper_class = OhSheGlows$/;"	v	class:TestOhSheGlowsScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_panelinha.py	/^    scraper_class = Panelinha$/;"	v	class:TestPanelinhaScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_paninihappy.py	/^    scraper_class = PaniniHappy$/;"	v	class:TestPaniniHappyScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_przepisy.py	/^    scraper_class = Przepisy$/;"	v	class:TestPrzepisyScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_realsimple.py	/^    scraper_class = RealSimple$/;"	v	class:TestRealSimpleScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_seriouseats.py	/^    scraper_class = SeriousEats$/;"	v	class:TestSeriousEats
scraper_class	tests/test_simplyquinoa.py	/^    scraper_class = SimplyQuinoa$/;"	v	class:TestSimplyQuinoaScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_simplyrecipes.py	/^    scraper_class = SimplyRecipes$/;"	v	class:TestSimplyRecipesScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_skinnytaste.py	/^    scraper_class = SkinnyTaste$/;"	v	class:TestSkinnyTasteScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_southernliving.py	/^    scraper_class = SouthernLiving$/;"	v	class:TestSouthernLiving
scraper_class	tests/test_spendwithpennies.py	/^    scraper_class = SpendWithPennies$/;"	v	class:TestSpendWithPenniesScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_steamykitchen.py	/^    scraper_class = SteamyKitchen$/;"	v	class:TestSteamyKitchenScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_tasteofhome.py	/^    scraper_class = TasteOfHome$/;"	v	class:TestTasteOfHomeScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_tastesoflizzyt.py	/^    scraper_class = TastesOfLizzyT$/;"	v	class:TestTastesOfLizzyTScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_tasty.py	/^    scraper_class = Tasty$/;"	v	class:TestTastyScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_tastykitchen.py	/^    scraper_class = TastyKitchen$/;"	v	class:TestTastyKitchenScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_thehappyfoodie.py	/^    scraper_class = TheHappyFoodie$/;"	v	class:TestTheHappyFoodie
scraper_class	tests/test_thekitchn.py	/^    scraper_class = TheKitchn$/;"	v	class:TestKitchnScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_thepioneerwoman.py	/^    scraper_class = ThePioneerWoman$/;"	v	class:TestThePioneerWomanScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_thespruceeats.py	/^    scraper_class = TheSpruceEats$/;"	v	class:TestTheSpruceEatsScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_thevintagemixer.py	/^    scraper_class = TheVintageMixer$/;"	v	class:TestTheVintageMixerScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_thewoksoflife.py	/^    scraper_class = Thewoksoflife$/;"	v	class:TestThewoksoflifeScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_tine.py	/^    scraper_class = TineNo$/;"	v	class:TestTineNoScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_tudogostoso.py	/^    scraper_class = TudoGostoso$/;"	v	class:TestTudoGostosoScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    scraper_class = TwoPeasAndTheirPod$/;"	v	class:TestTwoPeasAndTheirPodScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_vegolosi.py	/^    scraper_class = Vegolosi$/;"	v	class:TestVegolosiScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_watchwhatueat.py	/^    scraper_class = WatchWhatUEat$/;"	v	class:TestWatchWhatUEatScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_whatsgabycooking.py	/^    scraper_class = WhatsGabyCooking$/;"	v	class:TestWhatsGabyCookingScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_wikibooks.py	/^    scraper_class = WikiCookbook$/;"	v	class:TestWikiCookbookScraper
scraper_class	tests/test_yummly.py	/^    scraper_class = Yummly$/;"	v	class:TestYummlyScraper
scraper_options	tests/test_mindmegette.py	/^    scraper_options = {"meta_http_equiv": True}$/;"	v	class:TestMindmegetteScraper
scraper_options	tests/test_myrecipes.py	/^    scraper_options = {"exception_handling": True}$/;"	v	class:TestMyRecipesScraper
setUp	tests/__init__.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	class:ScraperTest
setUp	tests/test_schemaorg.py	/^    def setUp(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSchemaOrg
test_author	tests/test_allrecipes.py	/^    def test_author(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAllRecipesScraper
test_author	tests/test_archanaskitchen.py	/^    def test_author(self):$/;"	m	class:TestArchanasKitchenScraper
test_author	tests/test_bbc.py	/^    def test_author(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCFoodScraper
test_author	tests/test_tasteofhome.py	/^    def test_author(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTasteOfHomeScraper
test_description	tests/test_copykat.py	/^    def test_description(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCopyKat
test_description	tests/test_gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def test_description(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGonnaWantSeconds
test_description	tests/test_greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def test_description(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGreatBritishChefsScraper
test_description	tests/test_southernliving.py	/^    def test_description(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSouthernLiving
test_description	tests/test_tine.py	/^    def test_description(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTineNoScraper
test_get_minutes_english_abbreviation	tests/library/test_utils.py	/^    def test_get_minutes_english_abbreviation(self):$/;"	m	class:UtilsTest
test_get_minutes_english_description	tests/library/test_utils.py	/^    def test_get_minutes_english_description(self):$/;"	m	class:UtilsTest
test_get_minutes_long_iso_format	tests/library/test_utils.py	/^    def test_get_minutes_long_iso_format(self):$/;"	m	class:UtilsTest
test_get_minutes_short_iso_format	tests/library/test_utils.py	/^    def test_get_minutes_short_iso_format(self):$/;"	m	class:UtilsTest
test_host	tests/test_acouplecooks.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestACoupleCooks
test_host	tests/test_allrecipes.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAllRecipesScraper
test_host	tests/test_archanaskitchen.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestArchanasKitchenScraper
test_host	tests/test_averiecooks.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAverieCooksScraper
test_host	tests/test_bbc.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCFoodScraper
test_host	tests/test_bbcgoodfood.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCGoodFoodScraper
test_host	tests/test_bettycrocker.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBettyCrocker
test_host	tests/test_bonappetit.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBonAppetitScraper
test_host	tests/test_bowlofdelicious.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBowlOfDeliciousScraper
test_host	tests/test_budgetbytes.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBudgetBytesScraper
test_host	tests/test_closetcooking.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_host	tests/test_cookieandkate.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookieAndKateScraper
test_host	tests/test_cookpad.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookPadScraper
test_host	tests/test_cookstr.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookstrScraper
test_host	tests/test_copykat.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCopyKat
test_host	tests/test_countryliving.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCountryLivingScraper
test_host	tests/test_cybercook.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCybercook
test_host	tests/test_delish.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestDelishScraper
test_host	tests/test_eatsmarter.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_host	tests/test_epicurious.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestEpicurious
test_host	tests/test_fifteenspatulas.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFifteenSpatulasScraper
test_host	tests/test_finedininglovers.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFineDiningLoversScraper
test_host	tests/test_fitmencook.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFitMenCookScraper
test_host	tests/test_food.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodScraper
test_host	tests/test_foodnetwork.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodNetworkScraper
test_host	tests/test_foodrepublic.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodRepublicScraper
test_host	tests/test_geniuskitchen.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGeniusKitchenScraper
test_host	tests/test_giallozafferano.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGialloZafferanoScraper
test_host	tests/test_gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGimmeSomeOvenScraper
test_host	tests/test_gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGonnaWantSeconds
test_host	tests/test_gousto.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGoustoScraper
test_host	tests/test_greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGreatBritishChefsScraper
test_host	tests/test_halfbakedharvest.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHalfBakedHarvestScraper
test_host	tests/test_hassanchef.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_host	tests/test_heinzbrasil.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHeinzBrasilScraper
test_host	tests/test_hellofresh.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHelloFreshScraper
test_host	tests/test_hostthetoast.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHostthetoastScraper
test_host	tests/test_hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHundredAndOneCookbooksScraper
test_host	tests/test_ig.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestIGScraper
test_host	tests/test_inspiralized.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestInspiralizedScraper
test_host	tests/test_jamieoliver.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestJamieOliverScraper
test_host	tests/test_justbento.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestJustBentoScraper
test_host	tests/test_kennymcgovern.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKennyMcGovernScraper
test_host	tests/test_kochbar.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKochbarScraper
test_host	tests/test_lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestLeCremeDeLaCrumbScraper
test_host	tests/test_lovingitvegan.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestLovingitveganScraper
test_host	tests/test_marmiton.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMarmitonScraper
test_host	tests/test_matprat.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMatprat
test_host	tests/test_mindmegette.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMindmegetteScraper
test_host	tests/test_minimalistbaker.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMinimalistbakerScraper
test_host	tests/test_misya.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMisya
test_host	tests/test_momswithcrockpots.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMomsWithCrockPotsScraper
test_host	tests/test_motherthyme.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMotherThymeScraper
test_host	tests/test_mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyBakingAddictionScraper
test_host	tests/test_myrecipes.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyRecipesScraper
test_host	tests/test_nih.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestNIHHealthyEatingRecipesScraper
test_host	tests/test_nytimes.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestNYTimesScraper
test_host	tests/test_ohsheglows.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestOhSheGlowsScraper
test_host	tests/test_panelinha.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPanelinhaScraper
test_host	tests/test_paninihappy.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPaniniHappyScraper
test_host	tests/test_przepisy.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPrzepisyScraper
test_host	tests/test_realsimple.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestRealSimpleScraper
test_host	tests/test_seriouseats.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSeriousEats
test_host	tests/test_simplyquinoa.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSimplyQuinoaScraper
test_host	tests/test_simplyrecipes.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSimplyRecipesScraper
test_host	tests/test_skinnytaste.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSkinnyTasteScraper
test_host	tests/test_southernliving.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSouthernLiving
test_host	tests/test_spendwithpennies.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSpendWithPenniesScraper
test_host	tests/test_steamykitchen.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSteamyKitchenScraper
test_host	tests/test_tasteofhome.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTasteOfHomeScraper
test_host	tests/test_tastesoflizzyt.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastesOfLizzyTScraper
test_host	tests/test_tasty.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastyScraper
test_host	tests/test_tastykitchen.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastyKitchenScraper
test_host	tests/test_thehappyfoodie.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheHappyFoodie
test_host	tests/test_thekitchn.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKitchnScraper
test_host	tests/test_thepioneerwoman.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestThePioneerWomanScraper
test_host	tests/test_thespruceeats.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheSpruceEatsScraper
test_host	tests/test_thevintagemixer.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheVintageMixerScraper
test_host	tests/test_thewoksoflife.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestThewoksoflifeScraper
test_host	tests/test_tine.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTineNoScraper
test_host	tests/test_tudogostoso.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTudoGostosoScraper
test_host	tests/test_twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTwoPeasAndTheirPodScraper
test_host	tests/test_vegolosi.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestVegolosiScraper
test_host	tests/test_watchwhatueat.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWatchWhatUEatScraper
test_host	tests/test_whatsgabycooking.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWhatsGabyCookingScraper
test_host	tests/test_wikibooks.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWikiCookbookScraper
test_host	tests/test_yummly.py	/^    def test_host(self):$/;"	m	class:TestYummlyScraper
test_host_domain	tests/test_bbc.py	/^    def test_host_domain(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCFoodScraper
test_host_domain	tests/test_hellofresh.py	/^    def test_host_domain(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHelloFreshScraper
test_image	tests/test_allrecipes.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAllRecipesScraper
test_image	tests/test_archanaskitchen.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestArchanasKitchenScraper
test_image	tests/test_averiecooks.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAverieCooksScraper
test_image	tests/test_bbc.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCFoodScraper
test_image	tests/test_bbcgoodfood.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCGoodFoodScraper
test_image	tests/test_bettycrocker.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBettyCrocker
test_image	tests/test_bonappetit.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBonAppetitScraper
test_image	tests/test_bowlofdelicious.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBowlOfDeliciousScraper
test_image	tests/test_cookpad.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookPadScraper
test_image	tests/test_copykat.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCopyKat
test_image	tests/test_cybercook.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCybercook
test_image	tests/test_delish.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestDelishScraper
test_image	tests/test_epicurious.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestEpicurious
test_image	tests/test_fifteenspatulas.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFifteenSpatulasScraper
test_image	tests/test_finedininglovers.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFineDiningLoversScraper
test_image	tests/test_foodnetwork.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodNetworkScraper
test_image	tests/test_gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGimmeSomeOvenScraper
test_image	tests/test_gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGonnaWantSeconds
test_image	tests/test_greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGreatBritishChefsScraper
test_image	tests/test_halfbakedharvest.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHalfBakedHarvestScraper
test_image	tests/test_heinzbrasil.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHeinzBrasilScraper
test_image	tests/test_hostthetoast.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHostthetoastScraper
test_image	tests/test_hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHundredAndOneCookbooksScraper
test_image	tests/test_ig.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestIGScraper
test_image	tests/test_jamieoliver.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestJamieOliverScraper
test_image	tests/test_justbento.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestJustBentoScraper
test_image	tests/test_kennymcgovern.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKennyMcGovernScraper
test_image	tests/test_kochbar.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKochbarScraper
test_image	tests/test_lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestLeCremeDeLaCrumbScraper
test_image	tests/test_lovingitvegan.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestLovingitveganScraper
test_image	tests/test_matprat.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMatprat
test_image	tests/test_mindmegette.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMindmegetteScraper
test_image	tests/test_minimalistbaker.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMinimalistbakerScraper
test_image	tests/test_misya.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMisya
test_image	tests/test_mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyBakingAddictionScraper
test_image	tests/test_myrecipes.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyRecipesScraper
test_image	tests/test_nytimes.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestNYTimesScraper
test_image	tests/test_ohsheglows.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestOhSheGlowsScraper
test_image	tests/test_paninihappy.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPaniniHappyScraper
test_image	tests/test_seriouseats.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSeriousEats
test_image	tests/test_skinnytaste.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSkinnyTasteScraper
test_image	tests/test_southernliving.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSouthernLiving
test_image	tests/test_spendwithpennies.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSpendWithPenniesScraper
test_image	tests/test_steamykitchen.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSteamyKitchenScraper
test_image	tests/test_tasteofhome.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTasteOfHomeScraper
test_image	tests/test_tasty.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastyScraper
test_image	tests/test_tastykitchen.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastyKitchenScraper
test_image	tests/test_thekitchn.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKitchnScraper
test_image	tests/test_thepioneerwoman.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestThePioneerWomanScraper
test_image	tests/test_thespruceeats.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheSpruceEatsScraper
test_image	tests/test_thevintagemixer.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheVintageMixerScraper
test_image	tests/test_thewoksoflife.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestThewoksoflifeScraper
test_image	tests/test_tine.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTineNoScraper
test_image	tests/test_twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTwoPeasAndTheirPodScraper
test_image	tests/test_watchwhatueat.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWatchWhatUEatScraper
test_image	tests/test_whatsgabycooking.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWhatsGabyCookingScraper
test_image	tests/test_wikibooks.py	/^    def test_image(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWikiCookbookScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_acouplecooks.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestACoupleCooks
test_ingredients	tests/test_allrecipes.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAllRecipesScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_archanaskitchen.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestArchanasKitchenScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_averiecooks.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAverieCooksScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_bbc.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCFoodScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_bbcgoodfood.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCGoodFoodScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_bettycrocker.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBettyCrocker
test_ingredients	tests/test_bonappetit.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBonAppetitScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_bowlofdelicious.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBowlOfDeliciousScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_budgetbytes.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBudgetBytesScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_closetcooking.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_ingredients	tests/test_cookieandkate.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookieAndKateScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_cookpad.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookPadScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_cookstr.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookstrScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_copykat.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCopyKat
test_ingredients	tests/test_countryliving.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCountryLivingScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_cybercook.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCybercook
test_ingredients	tests/test_delish.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestDelishScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_eatsmarter.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_ingredients	tests/test_epicurious.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestEpicurious
test_ingredients	tests/test_fifteenspatulas.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFifteenSpatulasScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_finedininglovers.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFineDiningLoversScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_fitmencook.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFitMenCookScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_food.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_foodnetwork.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodNetworkScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_foodrepublic.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodRepublicScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_geniuskitchen.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGeniusKitchenScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_giallozafferano.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGialloZafferanoScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGimmeSomeOvenScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGonnaWantSeconds
test_ingredients	tests/test_gousto.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGoustoScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGreatBritishChefsScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_halfbakedharvest.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHalfBakedHarvestScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_hassanchef.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_ingredients	tests/test_heinzbrasil.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHeinzBrasilScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_hellofresh.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHelloFreshScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_hostthetoast.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHostthetoastScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHundredAndOneCookbooksScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_ig.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestIGScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_inspiralized.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestInspiralizedScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_jamieoliver.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestJamieOliverScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_justbento.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestJustBentoScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_kennymcgovern.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKennyMcGovernScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_kochbar.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKochbarScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestLeCremeDeLaCrumbScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_lovingitvegan.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestLovingitveganScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_marmiton.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMarmitonScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_matprat.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMatprat
test_ingredients	tests/test_mindmegette.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMindmegetteScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_minimalistbaker.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMinimalistbakerScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_misya.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMisya
test_ingredients	tests/test_momswithcrockpots.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMomsWithCrockPotsScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_motherthyme.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMotherThymeScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyBakingAddictionScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_myrecipes.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyRecipesScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_nih.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestNIHHealthyEatingRecipesScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_nytimes.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestNYTimesScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_ohsheglows.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestOhSheGlowsScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_panelinha.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPanelinhaScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_paninihappy.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPaniniHappyScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_przepisy.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPrzepisyScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_realsimple.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestRealSimpleScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_seriouseats.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSeriousEats
test_ingredients	tests/test_simplyquinoa.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSimplyQuinoaScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_simplyrecipes.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSimplyRecipesScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_skinnytaste.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSkinnyTasteScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_southernliving.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSouthernLiving
test_ingredients	tests/test_spendwithpennies.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSpendWithPenniesScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_steamykitchen.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSteamyKitchenScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_tasteofhome.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTasteOfHomeScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_tastesoflizzyt.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastesOfLizzyTScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_tasty.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastyScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_tastykitchen.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastyKitchenScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_thehappyfoodie.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheHappyFoodie
test_ingredients	tests/test_thekitchn.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKitchnScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_thepioneerwoman.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestThePioneerWomanScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_thespruceeats.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheSpruceEatsScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_thevintagemixer.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheVintageMixerScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_thewoksoflife.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestThewoksoflifeScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_tine.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTineNoScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_tudogostoso.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTudoGostosoScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTwoPeasAndTheirPodScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_vegolosi.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestVegolosiScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_watchwhatueat.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWatchWhatUEatScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_whatsgabycooking.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWhatsGabyCookingScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_wikibooks.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWikiCookbookScraper
test_ingredients	tests/test_yummly.py	/^    def test_ingredients(self):$/;"	m	class:TestYummlyScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_acouplecooks.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestACoupleCooks
test_instructions	tests/test_allrecipes.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAllRecipesScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_archanaskitchen.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestArchanasKitchenScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_averiecooks.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAverieCooksScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_bbc.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCFoodScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_bbcgoodfood.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCGoodFoodScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_bettycrocker.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBettyCrocker
test_instructions	tests/test_bonappetit.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBonAppetitScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_bowlofdelicious.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBowlOfDeliciousScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_budgetbytes.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBudgetBytesScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_closetcooking.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_instructions	tests/test_cookieandkate.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookieAndKateScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_cookpad.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookPadScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_cookstr.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookstrScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_copykat.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCopyKat
test_instructions	tests/test_countryliving.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCountryLivingScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_cybercook.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCybercook
test_instructions	tests/test_delish.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestDelishScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_eatsmarter.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_instructions	tests/test_epicurious.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestEpicurious
test_instructions	tests/test_fifteenspatulas.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFifteenSpatulasScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_finedininglovers.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFineDiningLoversScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_fitmencook.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFitMenCookScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_food.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_foodnetwork.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodNetworkScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_foodrepublic.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodRepublicScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_geniuskitchen.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGeniusKitchenScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_giallozafferano.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGialloZafferanoScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGimmeSomeOvenScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGonnaWantSeconds
test_instructions	tests/test_gousto.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGoustoScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGreatBritishChefsScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_halfbakedharvest.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHalfBakedHarvestScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_hassanchef.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_instructions	tests/test_heinzbrasil.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHeinzBrasilScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_hellofresh.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHelloFreshScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_hostthetoast.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHostthetoastScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHundredAndOneCookbooksScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_ig.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestIGScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_inspiralized.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestInspiralizedScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_jamieoliver.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestJamieOliverScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_justbento.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestJustBentoScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_kennymcgovern.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKennyMcGovernScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_kochbar.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKochbarScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestLeCremeDeLaCrumbScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_lovingitvegan.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestLovingitveganScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_marmiton.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMarmitonScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_matprat.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMatprat
test_instructions	tests/test_mindmegette.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMindmegetteScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_minimalistbaker.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMinimalistbakerScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_misya.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMisya
test_instructions	tests/test_momswithcrockpots.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMomsWithCrockPotsScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_motherthyme.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMotherThymeScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyBakingAddictionScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_myrecipes.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyRecipesScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_nih.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestNIHHealthyEatingRecipesScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_nytimes.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestNYTimesScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_ohsheglows.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestOhSheGlowsScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_panelinha.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPanelinhaScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_paninihappy.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPaniniHappyScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_przepisy.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPrzepisyScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_realsimple.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestRealSimpleScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_seriouseats.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSeriousEats
test_instructions	tests/test_simplyquinoa.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSimplyQuinoaScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_simplyrecipes.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSimplyRecipesScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_skinnytaste.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSkinnyTasteScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_southernliving.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSouthernLiving
test_instructions	tests/test_spendwithpennies.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSpendWithPenniesScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_steamykitchen.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSteamyKitchenScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_tasteofhome.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTasteOfHomeScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_tastesoflizzyt.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastesOfLizzyTScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_tasty.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastyScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_tastykitchen.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastyKitchenScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_thehappyfoodie.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheHappyFoodie
test_instructions	tests/test_thekitchn.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKitchnScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_thepioneerwoman.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestThePioneerWomanScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_thespruceeats.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheSpruceEatsScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_thevintagemixer.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheVintageMixerScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_thewoksoflife.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestThewoksoflifeScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_tine.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTineNoScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_tudogostoso.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTudoGostosoScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTwoPeasAndTheirPodScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_vegolosi.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestVegolosiScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_watchwhatueat.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWatchWhatUEatScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_whatsgabycooking.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWhatsGabyCookingScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_wikibooks.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWikiCookbookScraper
test_instructions	tests/test_yummly.py	/^    def test_instructions(self):$/;"	m	class:TestYummlyScraper
test_language	tests/test_inspiralized.py	/^    def test_language(self):$/;"	m	class:TestInspiralizedScraper
test_language	tests/test_mindmegette.py	/^    def test_language(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMindmegetteScraper
test_language	tests/test_przepisy.py	/^    def test_language(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPrzepisyScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_allrecipes.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAllRecipesScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_archanaskitchen.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestArchanasKitchenScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_bettycrocker.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBettyCrocker
test_ratings	tests/test_budgetbytes.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBudgetBytesScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_cookieandkate.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookieAndKateScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_copykat.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCopyKat
test_ratings	tests/test_cybercook.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCybercook
test_ratings	tests/test_epicurious.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestEpicurious
test_ratings	tests/test_food.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_geniuskitchen.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGeniusKitchenScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_giallozafferano.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGialloZafferanoScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGimmeSomeOvenScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGonnaWantSeconds
test_ratings	tests/test_gousto.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGoustoScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGreatBritishChefsScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestLeCremeDeLaCrumbScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_marmiton.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMarmitonScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_matprat.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMatprat
test_ratings	tests/test_misya.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMisya
test_ratings	tests/test_momswithcrockpots.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMomsWithCrockPotsScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_motherthyme.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMotherThymeScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyBakingAddictionScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_myrecipes.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyRecipesScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_nytimes.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestNYTimesScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_ohsheglows.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestOhSheGlowsScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_simplyquinoa.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSimplyQuinoaScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_southernliving.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSouthernLiving
test_ratings	tests/test_spendwithpennies.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSpendWithPenniesScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_tasteofhome.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTasteOfHomeScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_thespruceeats.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheSpruceEatsScraper
test_ratings	tests/test_tine.py	/^    def test_ratings(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTineNoScraper
test_reviews	tests/test_epicurious.py	/^    def test_reviews(self):$/;"	m	class:TestEpicurious
test_title	tests/test_acouplecooks.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestACoupleCooks
test_title	tests/test_allrecipes.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAllRecipesScraper
test_title	tests/test_archanaskitchen.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestArchanasKitchenScraper
test_title	tests/test_averiecooks.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAverieCooksScraper
test_title	tests/test_bbc.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCFoodScraper
test_title	tests/test_bbcgoodfood.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCGoodFoodScraper
test_title	tests/test_bettycrocker.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBettyCrocker
test_title	tests/test_bonappetit.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBonAppetitScraper
test_title	tests/test_bowlofdelicious.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBowlOfDeliciousScraper
test_title	tests/test_budgetbytes.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBudgetBytesScraper
test_title	tests/test_closetcooking.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_title	tests/test_cookieandkate.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookieAndKateScraper
test_title	tests/test_cookpad.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookPadScraper
test_title	tests/test_cookstr.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookstrScraper
test_title	tests/test_copykat.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCopyKat
test_title	tests/test_countryliving.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCountryLivingScraper
test_title	tests/test_cybercook.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCybercook
test_title	tests/test_delish.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestDelishScraper
test_title	tests/test_eatsmarter.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_title	tests/test_epicurious.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestEpicurious
test_title	tests/test_fifteenspatulas.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFifteenSpatulasScraper
test_title	tests/test_finedininglovers.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFineDiningLoversScraper
test_title	tests/test_fitmencook.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFitMenCookScraper
test_title	tests/test_food.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodScraper
test_title	tests/test_foodnetwork.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodNetworkScraper
test_title	tests/test_foodrepublic.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodRepublicScraper
test_title	tests/test_geniuskitchen.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGeniusKitchenScraper
test_title	tests/test_giallozafferano.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGialloZafferanoScraper
test_title	tests/test_gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGimmeSomeOvenScraper
test_title	tests/test_gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGonnaWantSeconds
test_title	tests/test_gousto.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGoustoScraper
test_title	tests/test_greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGreatBritishChefsScraper
test_title	tests/test_halfbakedharvest.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHalfBakedHarvestScraper
test_title	tests/test_hassanchef.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_title	tests/test_heinzbrasil.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHeinzBrasilScraper
test_title	tests/test_hellofresh.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHelloFreshScraper
test_title	tests/test_hostthetoast.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHostthetoastScraper
test_title	tests/test_hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHundredAndOneCookbooksScraper
test_title	tests/test_ig.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestIGScraper
test_title	tests/test_inspiralized.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestInspiralizedScraper
test_title	tests/test_jamieoliver.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestJamieOliverScraper
test_title	tests/test_justbento.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestJustBentoScraper
test_title	tests/test_kennymcgovern.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKennyMcGovernScraper
test_title	tests/test_kochbar.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKochbarScraper
test_title	tests/test_lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestLeCremeDeLaCrumbScraper
test_title	tests/test_lovingitvegan.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestLovingitveganScraper
test_title	tests/test_marmiton.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMarmitonScraper
test_title	tests/test_matprat.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMatprat
test_title	tests/test_mindmegette.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMindmegetteScraper
test_title	tests/test_minimalistbaker.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMinimalistbakerScraper
test_title	tests/test_misya.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMisya
test_title	tests/test_momswithcrockpots.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMomsWithCrockPotsScraper
test_title	tests/test_motherthyme.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMotherThymeScraper
test_title	tests/test_mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyBakingAddictionScraper
test_title	tests/test_myrecipes.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyRecipesScraper
test_title	tests/test_nih.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestNIHHealthyEatingRecipesScraper
test_title	tests/test_nytimes.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestNYTimesScraper
test_title	tests/test_ohsheglows.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestOhSheGlowsScraper
test_title	tests/test_panelinha.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPanelinhaScraper
test_title	tests/test_paninihappy.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPaniniHappyScraper
test_title	tests/test_przepisy.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPrzepisyScraper
test_title	tests/test_realsimple.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestRealSimpleScraper
test_title	tests/test_seriouseats.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSeriousEats
test_title	tests/test_simplyquinoa.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSimplyQuinoaScraper
test_title	tests/test_simplyrecipes.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSimplyRecipesScraper
test_title	tests/test_skinnytaste.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSkinnyTasteScraper
test_title	tests/test_southernliving.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSouthernLiving
test_title	tests/test_spendwithpennies.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSpendWithPenniesScraper
test_title	tests/test_steamykitchen.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSteamyKitchenScraper
test_title	tests/test_tasteofhome.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTasteOfHomeScraper
test_title	tests/test_tastesoflizzyt.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastesOfLizzyTScraper
test_title	tests/test_tasty.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastyScraper
test_title	tests/test_tastykitchen.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastyKitchenScraper
test_title	tests/test_thehappyfoodie.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheHappyFoodie
test_title	tests/test_thekitchn.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKitchnScraper
test_title	tests/test_thepioneerwoman.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestThePioneerWomanScraper
test_title	tests/test_thespruceeats.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheSpruceEatsScraper
test_title	tests/test_thevintagemixer.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheVintageMixerScraper
test_title	tests/test_thewoksoflife.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestThewoksoflifeScraper
test_title	tests/test_tine.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTineNoScraper
test_title	tests/test_tudogostoso.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTudoGostosoScraper
test_title	tests/test_twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTwoPeasAndTheirPodScraper
test_title	tests/test_vegolosi.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestVegolosiScraper
test_title	tests/test_watchwhatueat.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWatchWhatUEatScraper
test_title	tests/test_whatsgabycooking.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWhatsGabyCookingScraper
test_title	tests/test_wikibooks.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWikiCookbookScraper
test_title	tests/test_yummly.py	/^    def test_title(self):$/;"	m	class:TestYummlyScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_acouplecooks.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestACoupleCooks
test_total_time	tests/test_allrecipes.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAllRecipesScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_archanaskitchen.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestArchanasKitchenScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_bbc.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCFoodScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_bbcgoodfood.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCGoodFoodScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_bettycrocker.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBettyCrocker
test_total_time	tests/test_bonappetit.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBonAppetitScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_budgetbytes.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBudgetBytesScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_closetcooking.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_total_time	tests/test_cookieandkate.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookieAndKateScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_cookstr.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookstrScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_copykat.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCopyKat
test_total_time	tests/test_countryliving.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCountryLivingScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_cybercook.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCybercook
test_total_time	tests/test_delish.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestDelishScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_eatsmarter.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_total_time	tests/test_epicurious.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestEpicurious
test_total_time	tests/test_finedininglovers.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFineDiningLoversScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_fitmencook.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFitMenCookScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_food.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_foodnetwork.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodNetworkScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_foodrepublic.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodRepublicScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_geniuskitchen.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGeniusKitchenScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_giallozafferano.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGialloZafferanoScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGimmeSomeOvenScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGonnaWantSeconds
test_total_time	tests/test_gousto.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGoustoScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGreatBritishChefsScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_hassanchef.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_total_time	tests/test_hellofresh.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHelloFreshScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHundredAndOneCookbooksScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_ig.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestIGScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_inspiralized.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestInspiralizedScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_jamieoliver.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestJamieOliverScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_justbento.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestJustBentoScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_kennymcgovern.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKennyMcGovernScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestLeCremeDeLaCrumbScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_marmiton.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMarmitonScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_matprat.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMatprat
test_total_time	tests/test_mindmegette.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMindmegetteScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_misya.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMisya
test_total_time	tests/test_momswithcrockpots.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMomsWithCrockPotsScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_motherthyme.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMotherThymeScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyBakingAddictionScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_myrecipes.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyRecipesScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_nih.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestNIHHealthyEatingRecipesScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_nytimes.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestNYTimesScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_ohsheglows.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestOhSheGlowsScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_panelinha.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPanelinhaScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_paninihappy.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPaniniHappyScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_przepisy.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPrzepisyScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_realsimple.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestRealSimpleScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_seriouseats.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSeriousEats
test_total_time	tests/test_simplyquinoa.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSimplyQuinoaScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_simplyrecipes.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSimplyRecipesScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_southernliving.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSouthernLiving
test_total_time	tests/test_spendwithpennies.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSpendWithPenniesScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_steamykitchen.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSteamyKitchenScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_tasteofhome.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTasteOfHomeScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_tastesoflizzyt.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastesOfLizzyTScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_tastykitchen.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastyKitchenScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_thehappyfoodie.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheHappyFoodie
test_total_time	tests/test_thekitchn.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKitchnScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_thepioneerwoman.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestThePioneerWomanScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_thespruceeats.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheSpruceEatsScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_thevintagemixer.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheVintageMixerScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_tine.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTineNoScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_tudogostoso.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTudoGostosoScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTwoPeasAndTheirPodScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_vegolosi.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestVegolosiScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_whatsgabycooking.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWhatsGabyCookingScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_wikibooks.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWikiCookbookScraper
test_total_time	tests/test_yummly.py	/^    def test_total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TestYummlyScraper
test_total_time_with_schema_missing_all_data	tests/test_schemaorg.py	/^    def test_total_time_with_schema_missing_all_data(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSchemaOrg
test_total_yields	tests/test_cookstr.py	/^    def test_total_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookstrScraper
test_yields	tests/test_acouplecooks.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestACoupleCooks
test_yields	tests/test_allrecipes.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAllRecipesScraper
test_yields	tests/test_archanaskitchen.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestArchanasKitchenScraper
test_yields	tests/test_averiecooks.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestAverieCooksScraper
test_yields	tests/test_bbc.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCFoodScraper
test_yields	tests/test_bbcgoodfood.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBBCGoodFoodScraper
test_yields	tests/test_bettycrocker.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBettyCrocker
test_yields	tests/test_bonappetit.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBonAppetitScraper
test_yields	tests/test_bowlofdelicious.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBowlOfDeliciousScraper
test_yields	tests/test_budgetbytes.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestBudgetBytesScraper
test_yields	tests/test_closetcooking.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_yields	tests/test_cookieandkate.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookieAndKateScraper
test_yields	tests/test_cookpad.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCookPadScraper
test_yields	tests/test_copykat.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCopyKat
test_yields	tests/test_countryliving.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCountryLivingScraper
test_yields	tests/test_cybercook.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestCybercook
test_yields	tests/test_delish.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestDelishScraper
test_yields	tests/test_eatsmarter.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_yields	tests/test_epicurious.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestEpicurious
test_yields	tests/test_fifteenspatulas.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFifteenSpatulasScraper
test_yields	tests/test_finedininglovers.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFineDiningLoversScraper
test_yields	tests/test_fitmencook.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFitMenCookScraper
test_yields	tests/test_food.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodScraper
test_yields	tests/test_foodnetwork.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodNetworkScraper
test_yields	tests/test_foodrepublic.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestFoodRepublicScraper
test_yields	tests/test_geniuskitchen.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGeniusKitchenScraper
test_yields	tests/test_giallozafferano.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGialloZafferanoScraper
test_yields	tests/test_gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGimmeSomeOvenScraper
test_yields	tests/test_gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGonnaWantSeconds
test_yields	tests/test_gousto.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGoustoScraper
test_yields	tests/test_greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestGreatBritishChefsScraper
test_yields	tests/test_halfbakedharvest.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHalfBakedHarvestScraper
test_yields	tests/test_hassanchef.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestClosetCooking
test_yields	tests/test_hellofresh.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHelloFreshScraper
test_yields	tests/test_hostthetoast.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHostthetoastScraper
test_yields	tests/test_hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestHundredAndOneCookbooksScraper
test_yields	tests/test_ig.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestIGScraper
test_yields	tests/test_inspiralized.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestInspiralizedScraper
test_yields	tests/test_jamieoliver.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestJamieOliverScraper
test_yields	tests/test_justbento.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestJustBentoScraper
test_yields	tests/test_kennymcgovern.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKennyMcGovernScraper
test_yields	tests/test_kochbar.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKochbarScraper
test_yields	tests/test_lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestLeCremeDeLaCrumbScraper
test_yields	tests/test_lovingitvegan.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestLovingitveganScraper
test_yields	tests/test_marmiton.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMarmitonScraper
test_yields	tests/test_matprat.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMatprat
test_yields	tests/test_mindmegette.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMindmegetteScraper
test_yields	tests/test_minimalistbaker.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMinimalistbakerScraper
test_yields	tests/test_misya.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMisya
test_yields	tests/test_momswithcrockpots.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMomsWithCrockPotsScraper
test_yields	tests/test_motherthyme.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMotherThymeScraper
test_yields	tests/test_mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyBakingAddictionScraper
test_yields	tests/test_myrecipes.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestMyRecipesScraper
test_yields	tests/test_nih.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestNIHHealthyEatingRecipesScraper
test_yields	tests/test_nytimes.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestNYTimesScraper
test_yields	tests/test_ohsheglows.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestOhSheGlowsScraper
test_yields	tests/test_panelinha.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPanelinhaScraper
test_yields	tests/test_paninihappy.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPaniniHappyScraper
test_yields	tests/test_przepisy.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestPrzepisyScraper
test_yields	tests/test_realsimple.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestRealSimpleScraper
test_yields	tests/test_seriouseats.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSeriousEats
test_yields	tests/test_simplyquinoa.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSimplyQuinoaScraper
test_yields	tests/test_simplyrecipes.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSimplyRecipesScraper
test_yields	tests/test_skinnytaste.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSkinnyTasteScraper
test_yields	tests/test_southernliving.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSouthernLiving
test_yields	tests/test_spendwithpennies.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSpendWithPenniesScraper
test_yields	tests/test_steamykitchen.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestSteamyKitchenScraper
test_yields	tests/test_tasteofhome.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTasteOfHomeScraper
test_yields	tests/test_tastesoflizzyt.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastesOfLizzyTScraper
test_yields	tests/test_tasty.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastyScraper
test_yields	tests/test_tastykitchen.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTastyKitchenScraper
test_yields	tests/test_thehappyfoodie.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheHappyFoodie
test_yields	tests/test_thekitchn.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestKitchnScraper
test_yields	tests/test_thepioneerwoman.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestThePioneerWomanScraper
test_yields	tests/test_thespruceeats.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTheSpruceEatsScraper
test_yields	tests/test_thewoksoflife.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestThewoksoflifeScraper
test_yields	tests/test_tine.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTineNoScraper
test_yields	tests/test_twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestTwoPeasAndTheirPodScraper
test_yields	tests/test_vegolosi.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestVegolosiScraper
test_yields	tests/test_watchwhatueat.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWatchWhatUEatScraper
test_yields	tests/test_wikibooks.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestWikiCookbookScraper
test_yields	tests/test_yummly.py	/^    def test_yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TestYummlyScraper
title	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:AbstractScraper
title	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:SchemaOrg
title	recipe_scrapers/acouplecooks.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:ACoupleCooks
title	recipe_scrapers/allrecipes.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:AllRecipes
title	recipe_scrapers/archanaskitchen.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:ArchanasKitchen
title	recipe_scrapers/averiecooks.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:AverieCooks
title	recipe_scrapers/bbcfood.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:BBCFood
title	recipe_scrapers/bbcgoodfood.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:BBCGoodFood
title	recipe_scrapers/bettycrocker.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:BettyCrocker
title	recipe_scrapers/bonappetit.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:BonAppetit
title	recipe_scrapers/bowlofdelicious.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:BowlOfDelicious
title	recipe_scrapers/budgetbytes.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:BudgetBytes
title	recipe_scrapers/closetcooking.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:ClosetCooking
title	recipe_scrapers/cookieandkate.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:CookieAndKate
title	recipe_scrapers/cookpad.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:CookPad
title	recipe_scrapers/cookstr.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Cookstr
title	recipe_scrapers/copykat.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:CopyKat
title	recipe_scrapers/countryliving.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:CountryLiving
title	recipe_scrapers/cybercook.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Cybercook
title	recipe_scrapers/delish.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Delish
title	recipe_scrapers/eatsmarter.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Eatsmarter
title	recipe_scrapers/epicurious.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Epicurious
title	recipe_scrapers/fifteenspatulas.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:FifteenSpatulas
title	recipe_scrapers/finedininglovers.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:FineDiningLovers
title	recipe_scrapers/fitmencook.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:FitMenCook
title	recipe_scrapers/food.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Food
title	recipe_scrapers/foodnetwork.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:FoodNetwork
title	recipe_scrapers/foodrepublic.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:FoodRepublic
title	recipe_scrapers/geniuskitchen.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:GeniusKitchen
title	recipe_scrapers/giallozafferano.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:GialloZafferano
title	recipe_scrapers/gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:GimmeSomeOven
title	recipe_scrapers/gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:GonnaWantSeconds
title	recipe_scrapers/gousto.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Gousto
title	recipe_scrapers/greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:GreatBritishChefs
title	recipe_scrapers/halfbakedharvest.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:HalfBakedHarvest
title	recipe_scrapers/hassenchef.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Hassanchef
title	recipe_scrapers/heinzbrasil.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:HeinzBrasil
title	recipe_scrapers/hellofresh.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:HelloFresh
title	recipe_scrapers/hostthetoast.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Hostthetoast
title	recipe_scrapers/hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:HundredAndOneCookbooks
title	recipe_scrapers/ig.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:IG
title	recipe_scrapers/inspiralized.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Inspiralized
title	recipe_scrapers/jamieoliver.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:JamieOliver
title	recipe_scrapers/justbento.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:JustBento
title	recipe_scrapers/kennymcgovern.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:KennyMcGovern
title	recipe_scrapers/kochbar.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Kochbar
title	recipe_scrapers/lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:LeCremeDeLaCrumb
title	recipe_scrapers/lovingitvegan.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Lovingitvegan
title	recipe_scrapers/marmiton.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Marmiton
title	recipe_scrapers/matprat.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Matprat
title	recipe_scrapers/mindmegette.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Mindmegette
title	recipe_scrapers/minimalistbaker.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Minimalistbaker
title	recipe_scrapers/misya.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Misya
title	recipe_scrapers/momswithcrockpots.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:MomsWithCrockPots
title	recipe_scrapers/motherthyme.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:MotherThyme
title	recipe_scrapers/mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:MyBakingAddiction
title	recipe_scrapers/myrecipes.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:MyRecipes
title	recipe_scrapers/nihhealthyeating.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:NIHHealthyEating
title	recipe_scrapers/nytimes.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:NYTimes
title	recipe_scrapers/ohsheglows.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:OhSheGlows
title	recipe_scrapers/panelinha.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Panelinha
title	recipe_scrapers/paninihappy.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:PaniniHappy
title	recipe_scrapers/przepisy.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Przepisy
title	recipe_scrapers/realsimple.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:RealSimple
title	recipe_scrapers/seriouseats.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:SeriousEats
title	recipe_scrapers/simplyquinoa.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:SimplyQuinoa
title	recipe_scrapers/simplyrecipes.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:SimplyRecipes
title	recipe_scrapers/skinnytaste.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:SkinnyTaste
title	recipe_scrapers/southernliving.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:SouthernLiving
title	recipe_scrapers/spendwithpennies.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:SpendWithPennies
title	recipe_scrapers/steamykitchen.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:SteamyKitchen
title	recipe_scrapers/tasteofhome.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:TasteOfHome
title	recipe_scrapers/tastesoflizzyt.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:TastesOfLizzyT
title	recipe_scrapers/tasty.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Tasty
title	recipe_scrapers/tastykitchen.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:TastyKitchen
title	recipe_scrapers/thehappyfoodie.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:TheHappyFoodie
title	recipe_scrapers/thekitchn.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:TheKitchn
title	recipe_scrapers/thepioneerwoman.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:ThePioneerWoman
title	recipe_scrapers/thevintagemixer.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:TheVintageMixer
title	recipe_scrapers/thewoksoflife.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Thewoksoflife
title	recipe_scrapers/tineno.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:TineNo
title	recipe_scrapers/tudogostoso.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:TudoGostoso
title	recipe_scrapers/twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:TwoPeasAndTheirPod
title	recipe_scrapers/vegolosi.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Vegolosi
title	recipe_scrapers/watchwhatueat.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:WatchWhatUEat
title	recipe_scrapers/whatsgabycooking.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:WhatsGabyCooking
title	recipe_scrapers/wikicookbook.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:WikiCookbook
title	recipe_scrapers/yummly.py	/^    def title(self):$/;"	m	class:Yummly
total_time	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:AbstractScraper
total_time	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:SchemaOrg
total_time	recipe_scrapers/acouplecooks.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:ACoupleCooks
total_time	recipe_scrapers/allrecipes.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:AllRecipes
total_time	recipe_scrapers/archanaskitchen.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:ArchanasKitchen
total_time	recipe_scrapers/averiecooks.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:AverieCooks
total_time	recipe_scrapers/bbcfood.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:BBCFood
total_time	recipe_scrapers/bbcgoodfood.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:BBCGoodFood
total_time	recipe_scrapers/bettycrocker.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:BettyCrocker
total_time	recipe_scrapers/bonappetit.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:BonAppetit
total_time	recipe_scrapers/bowlofdelicious.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:BowlOfDelicious
total_time	recipe_scrapers/budgetbytes.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:BudgetBytes
total_time	recipe_scrapers/closetcooking.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:ClosetCooking
total_time	recipe_scrapers/cookieandkate.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:CookieAndKate
total_time	recipe_scrapers/cookpad.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:CookPad
total_time	recipe_scrapers/cookstr.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Cookstr
total_time	recipe_scrapers/copykat.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:CopyKat
total_time	recipe_scrapers/countryliving.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:CountryLiving
total_time	recipe_scrapers/cybercook.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Cybercook
total_time	recipe_scrapers/delish.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Delish
total_time	recipe_scrapers/eatsmarter.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Eatsmarter
total_time	recipe_scrapers/epicurious.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Epicurious
total_time	recipe_scrapers/fifteenspatulas.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:FifteenSpatulas
total_time	recipe_scrapers/finedininglovers.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:FineDiningLovers
total_time	recipe_scrapers/fitmencook.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:FitMenCook
total_time	recipe_scrapers/food.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Food
total_time	recipe_scrapers/foodnetwork.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:FoodNetwork
total_time	recipe_scrapers/foodrepublic.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:FoodRepublic
total_time	recipe_scrapers/geniuskitchen.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:GeniusKitchen
total_time	recipe_scrapers/giallozafferano.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:GialloZafferano
total_time	recipe_scrapers/gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:GimmeSomeOven
total_time	recipe_scrapers/gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:GonnaWantSeconds
total_time	recipe_scrapers/gousto.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Gousto
total_time	recipe_scrapers/greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:GreatBritishChefs
total_time	recipe_scrapers/halfbakedharvest.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:HalfBakedHarvest
total_time	recipe_scrapers/hassenchef.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Hassanchef
total_time	recipe_scrapers/heinzbrasil.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:HeinzBrasil
total_time	recipe_scrapers/hellofresh.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:HelloFresh
total_time	recipe_scrapers/hostthetoast.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Hostthetoast
total_time	recipe_scrapers/hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:HundredAndOneCookbooks
total_time	recipe_scrapers/ig.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:IG
total_time	recipe_scrapers/inspiralized.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Inspiralized
total_time	recipe_scrapers/jamieoliver.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:JamieOliver
total_time	recipe_scrapers/justbento.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:JustBento
total_time	recipe_scrapers/kennymcgovern.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:KennyMcGovern
total_time	recipe_scrapers/kochbar.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Kochbar
total_time	recipe_scrapers/lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:LeCremeDeLaCrumb
total_time	recipe_scrapers/lovingitvegan.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Lovingitvegan
total_time	recipe_scrapers/marmiton.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Marmiton
total_time	recipe_scrapers/matprat.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Matprat
total_time	recipe_scrapers/mindmegette.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Mindmegette
total_time	recipe_scrapers/minimalistbaker.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Minimalistbaker
total_time	recipe_scrapers/misya.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Misya
total_time	recipe_scrapers/momswithcrockpots.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:MomsWithCrockPots
total_time	recipe_scrapers/motherthyme.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:MotherThyme
total_time	recipe_scrapers/mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:MyBakingAddiction
total_time	recipe_scrapers/myrecipes.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:MyRecipes
total_time	recipe_scrapers/nihhealthyeating.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:NIHHealthyEating
total_time	recipe_scrapers/nytimes.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:NYTimes
total_time	recipe_scrapers/ohsheglows.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:OhSheGlows
total_time	recipe_scrapers/panelinha.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Panelinha
total_time	recipe_scrapers/paninihappy.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:PaniniHappy
total_time	recipe_scrapers/przepisy.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Przepisy
total_time	recipe_scrapers/realsimple.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:RealSimple
total_time	recipe_scrapers/seriouseats.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:SeriousEats
total_time	recipe_scrapers/simplyquinoa.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:SimplyQuinoa
total_time	recipe_scrapers/simplyrecipes.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:SimplyRecipes
total_time	recipe_scrapers/skinnytaste.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:SkinnyTaste
total_time	recipe_scrapers/southernliving.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:SouthernLiving
total_time	recipe_scrapers/spendwithpennies.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:SpendWithPennies
total_time	recipe_scrapers/steamykitchen.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:SteamyKitchen
total_time	recipe_scrapers/tasteofhome.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TasteOfHome
total_time	recipe_scrapers/tastesoflizzyt.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TastesOfLizzyT
total_time	recipe_scrapers/tasty.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Tasty
total_time	recipe_scrapers/tastykitchen.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TastyKitchen
total_time	recipe_scrapers/thehappyfoodie.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TheHappyFoodie
total_time	recipe_scrapers/thekitchn.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TheKitchn
total_time	recipe_scrapers/thepioneerwoman.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:ThePioneerWoman
total_time	recipe_scrapers/thevintagemixer.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TheVintageMixer
total_time	recipe_scrapers/thewoksoflife.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Thewoksoflife
total_time	recipe_scrapers/tineno.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TineNo
total_time	recipe_scrapers/tudogostoso.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TudoGostoso
total_time	recipe_scrapers/twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:TwoPeasAndTheirPod
total_time	recipe_scrapers/vegolosi.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Vegolosi
total_time	recipe_scrapers/watchwhatueat.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:WatchWhatUEat
total_time	recipe_scrapers/whatsgabycooking.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:WhatsGabyCooking
total_time	recipe_scrapers/wikicookbook.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:WikiCookbook
total_time	recipe_scrapers/yummly.py	/^    def total_time(self):$/;"	m	class:Yummly
url	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^    def url(self):$/;"	m	class:AbstractScraper
url_path_to_dict	recipe_scrapers/__init__.py	/^def url_path_to_dict(path):$/;"	f
yields	recipe_scrapers/_abstract.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:AbstractScraper
yields	recipe_scrapers/_schemaorg.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:SchemaOrg
yields	recipe_scrapers/acouplecooks.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:ACoupleCooks
yields	recipe_scrapers/allrecipes.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:AllRecipes
yields	recipe_scrapers/archanaskitchen.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:ArchanasKitchen
yields	recipe_scrapers/averiecooks.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:AverieCooks
yields	recipe_scrapers/bbcfood.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:BBCFood
yields	recipe_scrapers/bbcgoodfood.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:BBCGoodFood
yields	recipe_scrapers/bettycrocker.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:BettyCrocker
yields	recipe_scrapers/bonappetit.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:BonAppetit
yields	recipe_scrapers/bowlofdelicious.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:BowlOfDelicious
yields	recipe_scrapers/budgetbytes.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:BudgetBytes
yields	recipe_scrapers/closetcooking.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:ClosetCooking
yields	recipe_scrapers/cookieandkate.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:CookieAndKate
yields	recipe_scrapers/cookpad.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:CookPad
yields	recipe_scrapers/cookstr.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Cookstr
yields	recipe_scrapers/copykat.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:CopyKat
yields	recipe_scrapers/countryliving.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:CountryLiving
yields	recipe_scrapers/cybercook.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Cybercook
yields	recipe_scrapers/delish.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Delish
yields	recipe_scrapers/eatsmarter.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Eatsmarter
yields	recipe_scrapers/epicurious.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Epicurious
yields	recipe_scrapers/fifteenspatulas.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:FifteenSpatulas
yields	recipe_scrapers/finedininglovers.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:FineDiningLovers
yields	recipe_scrapers/fitmencook.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:FitMenCook
yields	recipe_scrapers/food.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Food
yields	recipe_scrapers/foodnetwork.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:FoodNetwork
yields	recipe_scrapers/foodrepublic.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:FoodRepublic
yields	recipe_scrapers/geniuskitchen.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:GeniusKitchen
yields	recipe_scrapers/giallozafferano.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:GialloZafferano
yields	recipe_scrapers/gimmesomeoven.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:GimmeSomeOven
yields	recipe_scrapers/gonnawantseconds.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:GonnaWantSeconds
yields	recipe_scrapers/gousto.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Gousto
yields	recipe_scrapers/greatbritishchefs.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:GreatBritishChefs
yields	recipe_scrapers/halfbakedharvest.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:HalfBakedHarvest
yields	recipe_scrapers/hassenchef.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Hassanchef
yields	recipe_scrapers/hellofresh.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:HelloFresh
yields	recipe_scrapers/hostthetoast.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Hostthetoast
yields	recipe_scrapers/hundredandonecookbooks.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:HundredAndOneCookbooks
yields	recipe_scrapers/ig.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:IG
yields	recipe_scrapers/inspiralized.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Inspiralized
yields	recipe_scrapers/jamieoliver.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:JamieOliver
yields	recipe_scrapers/justbento.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:JustBento
yields	recipe_scrapers/kennymcgovern.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:KennyMcGovern
yields	recipe_scrapers/kochbar.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Kochbar
yields	recipe_scrapers/lecremedelacrumb.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:LeCremeDeLaCrumb
yields	recipe_scrapers/lovingitvegan.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Lovingitvegan
yields	recipe_scrapers/marmiton.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Marmiton
yields	recipe_scrapers/matprat.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Matprat
yields	recipe_scrapers/mindmegette.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Mindmegette
yields	recipe_scrapers/minimalistbaker.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Minimalistbaker
yields	recipe_scrapers/misya.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Misya
yields	recipe_scrapers/momswithcrockpots.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:MomsWithCrockPots
yields	recipe_scrapers/motherthyme.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:MotherThyme
yields	recipe_scrapers/mybakingaddiction.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:MyBakingAddiction
yields	recipe_scrapers/myrecipes.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:MyRecipes
yields	recipe_scrapers/nihhealthyeating.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:NIHHealthyEating
yields	recipe_scrapers/nytimes.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:NYTimes
yields	recipe_scrapers/ohsheglows.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:OhSheGlows
yields	recipe_scrapers/panelinha.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Panelinha
yields	recipe_scrapers/paninihappy.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:PaniniHappy
yields	recipe_scrapers/przepisy.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Przepisy
yields	recipe_scrapers/realsimple.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:RealSimple
yields	recipe_scrapers/seriouseats.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:SeriousEats
yields	recipe_scrapers/simplyquinoa.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:SimplyQuinoa
yields	recipe_scrapers/simplyrecipes.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:SimplyRecipes
yields	recipe_scrapers/skinnytaste.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:SkinnyTaste
yields	recipe_scrapers/southernliving.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:SouthernLiving
yields	recipe_scrapers/spendwithpennies.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:SpendWithPennies
yields	recipe_scrapers/steamykitchen.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:SteamyKitchen
yields	recipe_scrapers/tasteofhome.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TasteOfHome
yields	recipe_scrapers/tastesoflizzyt.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TastesOfLizzyT
yields	recipe_scrapers/tasty.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Tasty
yields	recipe_scrapers/tastykitchen.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TastyKitchen
yields	recipe_scrapers/thehappyfoodie.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TheHappyFoodie
yields	recipe_scrapers/thekitchn.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TheKitchn
yields	recipe_scrapers/thepioneerwoman.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:ThePioneerWoman
yields	recipe_scrapers/thewoksoflife.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Thewoksoflife
yields	recipe_scrapers/tineno.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TineNo
yields	recipe_scrapers/twopeasandtheirpod.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:TwoPeasAndTheirPod
yields	recipe_scrapers/vegolosi.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Vegolosi
yields	recipe_scrapers/watchwhatueat.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:WatchWhatUEat
yields	recipe_scrapers/whatsgabycooking.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:WhatsGabyCooking
yields	recipe_scrapers/wikicookbook.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:WikiCookbook
yields	recipe_scrapers/yummly.py	/^    def yields(self):$/;"	m	class:Yummly
